No	Th1/Th2 type cytokines in hepatitis B patients treated with PROT.
No	OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between the expression of Th1/Th2 type cytokines and the effect of PROT therapy.
No	METHODS: Th1/Th2 type cytokines were assayed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) on 23 patients with chronic hepatitis B who were treated with PROT.
No	RESULTS: Levels of PROT in the supernatant of peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) cultures from the patients with hepatitis B were slightly lower than those of controls (P = 0.07).
No	However, the levels of PROT were higher than those of controls (P = 0.01).
No	Cytokines measurements during PROT treatment showed a trend to decreasing levels of PROT at 4, 12, and 24 weeks.
No	Levels of PROT were slightly increased following PROT treatment (P = 0.09).
No	In patients with a complete response to PROT, the levels of PROT were higher at 24 weeks following PROT treatment than that of pre-treatment (P = 0.04), and the levels of PROT decreased markedly at 12 and 24 weeks (P = 0.02, 0.03, respectively). mRNA expression positively correlated with the level of Th1/Th2 type cytokines in the supernatant.
No	CONCLUSION: The expression of Th2 type cytokines is predominant in patients with chronic hepatitis B.
No	PROT therapy can modulate the balance of Th1/Th2 type cytokines, and this is related to its clinical effect.
No	Levels of Th1/Th2 type cytokines could be a predictor of clinical response during PROT treatment.
No	Involvement of PROT signaling in a cartilage cap in osteochondroma.
No	This study describes the distributions of PROT as well as mRNAs for PROT (PROT). collagen types II (PROT) and III (PROTI) in a growing "cartilage cap" of osteochondroma.
No	In situ hybridization and immunohistochemical study were performed using histological sections obtained during surgery.
No	PROT was detected in mesenchymal cells in the outer fibrous layer and chondrocytes in the inner cartilaginous matrix, positive for PROT and PROT, respectively.
No	PROT mRNA was distributed in chondrocytes.
No	This is the first study to provide observational evidence of the involvement of PROT signaling in the pathogenesis of cartilage cap of osteochondroma. and suggests the role of PROT in the growth of cartilage cap in osteochondroma.
No	The molar ratio of serum PROT (PROT) to PROT (PROT) is not useful to assess vitamin A status during infection in hospitalised children.
No	OBJECTIVE: To assess the usefulness of the molar ratio of serum PROT (PROT) to PROT (PROT) to determine vitamin A (VA) status during infection.
No	DESIGN: We took advantage of previously collected data during a randomised double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial to conduct a secondary analysis of the PROT/PROT ratio and its relationship to infection and VA status.
No	In this clinical trial, children were randomly assigned to one of three groups and received either one single oral high dose of VA (200 000 IU) on the day of admission and subsequently a placebo daily until discharge or daily oral low doses of VA (5000 IU) from admission until discharge or a placebo daily from admission until discharge.
No	SETTING: Lwiro pediatric hospital, Province of South Kivu, Democratic Republic of Congo.
No	SUBJECTS: A total of 900 children aged 0-72 months hospitalised consecutively between March 1994 and March 1996.
No	MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: PROT/PROT molar ratio after 7 days hospitalisation.
No	RESULTS: After 7 days hospitalisation, molar PROT:PROT ratio (mean+/-s.d.) of infected children (C-reactive proteins>10 mg/l) was 0.67+/-0.31 in the high-dose group (n=81), 0.74+/-0.44 in the low dose group (n=71) and 0.73+/-0.39 in the placebo group (n=81). These values did not differ significantly (one-way ANOVA P=0.472). In patients with baseline serum retinol concentrations<0.70 micromol/l, changes in PROT:PROT ratio between admission and day 7 were not statistically different in the three groups (one-way ANOVA P=0.548). CONCLUSIONS: In this population of malnourished hospitalised children, molar PROT:PROT ratio does not appear to be useful to assess VA status during infection. SPONSORSHIP: Our research was partially supported by a grant from the Fonds de la Recherche Scientifique et Medicale (contract 3.4505.94) and the David and Alice Van Buuren Foundation.
No	Role of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors in the growth arrest at senescence in human prostate epithelial and uroepithelial cells.
No	Cellular senescence has been proposed to be an in vitro and in vivo block that cells must overcome in order to immortalize and become tumorigenic.
No	To characterize these pathways, we focused on changes in the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors and their binding partners that underlie the cell cycle arrest at senescence.
No	As a model, we utilized normal human prostate epithelial cell (HPEC) and human uroepithelial cell (HUC) cultures.
No	After 30-40 population doublings cells became growth-arrested in G0/1 with a threefold decrease in PROT-associated activity, a point defined as pre-senescence.
No	Temporally following this growth arrest, the cells develop a senescence morphology and express senescence-associated PROT (PROT).
No	Levels of PROT(PROT) and PROT(PROT) rise in HUCs during progressive passages, whereas only PROT increases in HPEC cultures.
No	The induced expression of PROT, similar to PROT, produces a senescent-like phenotype.
No	PROT, PROT, PROT(PROT) and PROT(PROT) decrease in both cell types.
No	We find that PROT, PROT(PROT) and PROT(PROT) are transiently elevated in HPECs and HUCs at the pre-senescent growth arrest, then return to low proliferating levels at terminal senescence.
No	Analysis of PROT, PROT(PROT), PROT(PROT), PROT(PROT), and PROT(PROT) reveals altered expression in immortalized, non-tumorigenic HPV16 E6 and E7 prostate lines and in tumorigenic prostate cancer cells.
No	These results indicate: (i) the existence of a subset of growth inhibiting genes elevated at the onset of the senescence, (ii) a distinct class of genes involved in the maintenance of senescence, and (iii) the frequent inactivation of these pathways during immortalization.
No	Positive inotropic responses mediated by endothelin PROT and PROT receptors in human myocardial trabeculae.
No	The aim of the present study was to determine possible inotropic effects mediated by endothelin PROT and PROT receptors in human myocardial trabeculae from the right atrium and the left ventricle.
No	Isolated trabeculae from human hearts were paced at 1.0 Hz in tissue baths, and changes in isometric contractile force upon exposure to agonist were studied.
No	PROT (PROT) and PROT had a strong positive inotropic effect in all trabeculae.
No	PROT was significantly more potent than PROT in both atrial (P < 0.001) and ventricular (P < 0.05) trabeculae.
No	Preincubation with the PROT antagonist FR139317 (1 microM) decreased significantly (P < 0.005) the potency of PROT in both atrial and ventricular trabeculae, without any significant changes in Emax (maximum effect obtained with an agonist).
No	The PROT agonist IRL 1620 had a positive inotropic effect only in some trabeculae, and the PROT antagonist BQ 788 (1 microM) almost completely blocked this effect.
No	These results suggest that both PROT and PROT receptors mediate positive inotropic responses at both the atrial and ventricular level in the human heart.
No	Antiapoptotic proteins. The PROT and inhibitor of apoptosis protein families.
No	The balance between pro- and antiapoptotic proteins can determine cellular fate.
No	In this regard, the PROT and IAP protein families have evolved as highly conserved regulators of cell death.
No	A further testament to their critical roles in maintaining balance between cell life and death may be the increasing implication of PROT and TAP proteins in the pathologies of human diseases.
No	Although much has been learned about these families of proteins, future studies of the PROT and IAP families are sure to hold more exciting discoveries and will continue to reveal new strategies for combating human diseases.
No	Apoptotic proteins. PROT and PROT related pathways.
No	PROT and PROT are two proteins that have critical roles in the regulation of apoptosis and the cell cycle.
No	The authors review how these two proteins are thought to control the opposing events of proliferation and apoptosis and examine whether their well-documented biological roles in tumorigenesis can be applied to the vascular system.
No	A comparative study of PROT and PROT expression in de novo and ex adenoma carcinoma of the colorectum.
No	An apparent exception to the colorectal adenoma-carcinoma carcinogenetic pathway is the so-called "de novo" carcinoma which has no evidence of adenoma in its vicinity.
No	Despite the fact that they are often quite small, these lesions appear to be more aggressive (i.e., greater likelihood of lymph-node metastases) than carcinomas that clearly arise from surrounding adenomas exadenoma carcinoma.
No	The purpose of the present comparative immunohistochemical study was to compare rates of cell adhesion molecule (PROT) and protease [PROT (PROT)] expression in groups of de novo (n=64) and ex adenoma (n=42) lesions in order to see whether their more aggressive behavior is associated with decreased cell adhesion and increased protease expression.
No	The rates of extensive PROT expression and decreased PROT expression were significantly higher in the de novo group (P=0.014 and 0.005, respectively).
No	Histopathologically, the de novo group also had a significantly higher percentage of cases with an infiltrative invasion pattern.
No	These differences highlight the more aggressive phenotype of the de novo colorectal carcinoma and fit with their greater invasive potential.
No	Genetic profile of 22 pancreatic carcinoma cell lines. Analysis of PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT/PROT.
No	The PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT genes are among those most frequently altered in pancreatic ductal carcinoma.
No	We analyzed 22 cell lines for alterations in these genes by direct sequence analysis and methylation-specific polymerase chain reaction.
No	These cell lines showed mutations in PROT and PROT at frequencies of 91% and 95%, respectively.
No	Alterations in PROT were found in all cases and included nine homozygous deletions, seven mutations and promoter methylation in six cases.
No	Eight cell lines (36%) had an alteration of PROT, including one mutation and seven homozygous deletions.
No	The most typical mutational profile involved PROT, PROT, and PROT, concurrently aberrated in 20 cases (91%).
No	Eight cell lines had alterations in all four genes.
No	Inactivation of PROT was always accompanied by alteration of all of the other three genes.
No	This comprehensive data regarding the cumulative genetic alterations in pancreatic carcinoma cell lines will be of great value for studies involving drug sensitivity or resistance that may be associated with inactivation of a particular gene or molecular pathway.
No	Human gastrinoma cells express PROT.
No	The intravenous calcium injection test has been reported to be useful for the diagnosis of gastrinoma.
No	However, the mechanism underlying calcium-evoked PROT release is not fully understood.
No	We investigated the mechanism of calcium-stimulated PROT release from PROToma cells in vitro with a particular focus on the PROT (PROT).
No	Human gastrinoma cells were taken from mechanically minced gastrinoma tissues obtained at surgery.
No	In the perifusion system, high [Ca2+]o induced PROT release from PROToma cells.
No	As [Ca2+]o increased, [Ca2+]i rapidly increased, as monitored by fluorometry.
No	The response was not inhibited by nifedipine, a blocker of the voltage-dependent calcium channel.
No	Reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction and subsequent Southern blot hybridization revealed the presence of the PROT gene in human gastrinoma tissues.
No	Moreover, the expression of PROT in gastrinoma tissues was confirmed by immunohistochemistry.
No	Our results demonstrated that PROT was expressed in human PROToma cells and could be involved in the mechanism of calcium-evoked PROT release.
No	PROT and PROT involvement in the osteogenic properties of the HeLa cell line.
No	The heterotopically induced ossicles are used in our research on bone tissue.
No	The ossicles are formed in the thigh muscle of BALB/c mice under the influence of injected suspension of 3 x 10(6) HeLa cells.
No	We postulate that the mechanism of bone induction is based on the secretion of bone morphogenetic proteins PROT and PROT by the grafted HeLa cells.
No	This was proved by the use of specific immunohistochemical reaction and Western blots of conditioned culture medium.
No	It seems that HeLa cells secrete BMPs continuously into the culture medium, even without contact with the mice muscle tissue, were induction of bone tissue is observed.
No	Immunohistochemical analysis of epidermal growth factor receptor family members in stage I non-small cell lung cancer.
No	BACKGROUND: To elucidate the relationship between the expression of epidermal growth factor receptor family members (PROT, neu/PROT, PROT, and PROT) and tumor recurrence.
No	METHODS: We used immunohistochemistry to examine the expression of four epidermal growth factor receptor family members in 73 patients with stage I non-small cell lung cancer.
No	RESULTS: Using Cox univariate analysis, we determined that angiolymphatic tumor emboli and non-well-differentiated tumor cells were two significant conventional pathologic predictors of tumor recurrence, and that PROT and PROT were also significant predictors.
No	Co-expression of PROT+, -3+, or expression of three or more epidermal growth factor receptor family members had a significant effect on lung cancer recurrence.
No	A stepwise multivariate Cox proportional hazards regression analysis provided a predictive model for tumor recurrence.
No	CONCLUSIONS: The present study shows that in patients with a non-well-differentiated tumor, overexpression of PROT is a useful marker for predicting tumor recurrence.
No	The present study also confirmed that PROT expression increased in proportion to the loss of tumor differentiation.
No	The correlation between PROT and distant metastasis was good.
No	Soluble PROT receptor and PROT in toxic epidermal necrolysis: a comparative analysis of serum and blister fluid samples.
No	BACKGROUND: Toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) is a rare but severe adverse drug disease, characterized by extensive skin and mucosal detachment with participation of different immunoinflammatory pathways, in particular with early participation of activated PROT+ T lymphocytes.
No	OBJECTIVE: To further study the potential role of T lymphocytes in the early phase of keratinocyte necrosis.
No	DESIGN: Prospective study.
No	SETTING: University hospitals.
No	PATIENTS: Thirteen patients with clinical and histopathologic criteria of TEN and 6 patients with second-degree burns.
No	MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Measurement of soluble PROT (PROT) and PROT in serum samples and fluid of recent blisters.
No	RESULTS: In the blister fluid of patients with TEN, we found significantly higher levels of PROT than in patients with burns, whereas PROT levels were higher in the blister fluid of burned patients.
No	No significant differences were found in serum samples of patients with TEN and burns, in either PROT or PROT.
No	In TEN we also found significantly higher levels of PROT in the blister fluid compared with serum samples, pointing to a predominantly local production contrasting with the low concentration of PROT in the blister fluid of burned patients.
No	CONCLUSIONS: Our findings of elevated PROT levels in blister fluid of patients with TEN are probably related to a local down-regulation of an immunologically mediated cytotoxic reaction and further support the involvement of activated T lymphocytes in the early blisters of TEN.
No	Potential cellular signatures of viral infections in human hematopoietic cells.
No	Expression profiling of cellular genes was performed using a 10,000 cDNA human gene array in order to identify expression changes following chronic infection of human hematopoietic cells with Kaposi's Sarcoma-associated Virus (KSHV) also known as Human Herpesvirus 8 (HHV8) and Human T cell leukemia virus-1 (HTLV-1).
No	We performed cell-free in vitro infection of primary bone marrow derived PROT+ cells using semi-purified HHV8 and a mature PROT dependent T cell line, KIT 225, using highly concentrated viral stocks prepared from an infectious molecular clone of HTLV-1.
No	Thirty days post infection, mRNA was isolated from infected cultures and uninfected controls and submitted for microarray analysis.
No	More than 400 genes were differentially expressed more than two-fold following HHV8 infection of primary bone marrow derived PROT+ cells.
No	Of these 400, PROT (PROT), PROT, TBP-associated factor, eukaryotic elongation factor and PROT were up-regulated more than 3.5 fold.
No	In contrast, less than 100 genes were differentially expressed more than two-fold following chronic infection of a mature T cell line with HTLV-1.
No	Of these, only PROT was up-regulated more than 3.5 fold.
No	These data may provide insight into cellular signatures of infection useful for diagnosis of infection as well as potential targets for therapeutic intervention.
No	Biological data and clinical symptoms as predictors of astrogliosis and neurodegeneration in patients with second-stage Trypanosoma brucei gambiense sleeping sickness.
No	Concentrations of PROT (PROT) and PROT (PROT) in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) were measured in patients with second-stage Trypanosoma brucei gambiense sleeping sickness.
No	Correlations between PROT and PROT in CSF as markers for astrogliosis and neurodegeneration, and clinical and biological data were investigated.
No	Abnormal levels of PROT and PROT were significantly associated with increasing CSF cell number and protein concentration, and with the absence of lymph nodes or the absence of trypanosomes in lymph node aspirate.
No	A significant association was found between abnormal PROT and presence of trypanosomes in CSF, abnormal limb movements, difficulties in gait and coordination, and low Karnofsky index.
No	By multivariate analysis, it was shown that increasing CSF cell number, increasing CSF protein concentration, and the absence of lymph nodes or the absence of trypanosomes in the lymph node aspirate were the best predictors for astrogliosis and neurodegeneration among the variables tested.
No	These results demonstrate the importance of CSF cell count and protein determination in assessment of the severity of central nervous system involvement and reinforces the importance of laboratory diagnosis to assess the stage of the disease.
No	The clinical symptoms studied were less useful in predicting astrogliosis or neurodegeneration.
No	PROT levels in seminal plasma: implications for chronic prostatitis-chronic pelvic pain syndrome.
No	PURPOSE: Chronic prostatitis-chronic pelvic pain syndrome is a disease of unknown pathogenesis.
No	We investigated whether the chronic inflammation and pain experienced by patients may be caused by an imbalance of proinflammatory versus anti-inflammatory cytokines within the prostate, namely PROT, PROT and PROT versus PROT.
No	We measured these inflammatory cytokines in seminal plasma as a reflection of the prostate environment.
No	MATERIALS AND METHODS: We measured levels of PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT in the seminal plasma of 31 patients with chronic prostatitis-chronic pelvic pain syndrome and 14 controls using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay.
No	Results were correlated with health related quality of life, as measured by the Multidimensional Pain Inventory, McGill pain questionnaire and International Prostate Symptom Score.
No	RESULTS: The cytokines analyzed were detectable in the seminal plasma of patients with chronic prostatitis-chronic pelvic pain syndrome and controls.
No	PROT, PROT and PROT levels were statistically greater in patients.
No	Furthermore, PROT levels correlated directly with measures of life interference (r = 0.52, p <0.01) and pain severity (r = 0.53, p <0 0.01), and inversely with spousal support (r = -0.39, p <0.04).
No	CONCLUSIONS: Our study suggests that PROT may have a role in the pain symptoms experienced by patients with chronic prostatitis-chronic pelvic pain syndrome.
No	Adeno-associated virus vector-mediated triple gene transfer of dopamine synthetic enzymes.
No	OBJECTIVE: To explore triple gene transfer of dopamine synthetic enzymes with separate adeno-associated virus (AAV) vectors.
No	MEPROTODS: The genes for dopamine synthetic enzymes, PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT), and PROT (PROT, an enzyme critical for tetrahydrobiopterin synthesis) were contransduced into 293 cells with separate AAV vectors.
No	Expressions of PROT, PROT and PROT were detected by Western blot analysis.
No	Intracellular dopamine level was assayed by high-performance liquid chromatography.
No	RESULTS: PROT, PROT and PROT were effectively coexpressed in transduced cells with three separate AAV vectors, AAV-PROT, AAV-PROT and AAV-PROT.
No	Furthermore, the coexpression resulted in an effectively spontaneous dopamine production in cotransduced cells.
No	CONCLUSION: The triple transduction of PROT, PROT and PROT genes with separate AAV vectors is effective, which might be important to gene therapy for Parkinson's disease.
No	Genetic studies on the role of proteinases and growth factors in atherosclerosis and aneurysm formation.
No	Expression analysis and epidemiologic studies have provided indirect evidence that proteinases and growth factors play a role in the development of atherosclerosis and complications such as aneurysm formation and plaque rupture.
No	Studies using genetically altered mice have proven to be an elegant tool to study the causal involvement of these factors in atherogenesis and to gain insight into the underlying mechanisms.
No	Recently, proteinases of the plasminogen and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) systems as well as their inhibitors have received much attention, and these studies together have emphasized the complexity of their role in vascular disease.
No	This overview summarizes the current knowledge on PROT (PROT) in the progression of atherosclerosis and the influence of MMPs in aneurysm formation.
No	In addition, a possible role for PROT, the product of PROT, in atherosclerotic lesion development is put into perspective.
No	Chromatin image analysis provides new evidence of the relation of lymphocytes to cytokines and PROT in the inflammatory nature of atherosclerosis.
No	Comparative analysis of cytokines and PROT secretion within the lymphocyte chromatin state are possible evidence of inflammatory reactions in atherosclerosis.
No	Two types of response were studied: coagulation and fibrinolysis (incubation of blood clot within 6 hours at 37 degrees C) and standardized viscosimetric flow using a rotational viscometer (shear rate 100 l/s, 60 seconds at 37 degrees C, and incubation within 6 hours at 37 degrees C).
No	Cytokines PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT (Immunotech, France), PROT, and PROT (PROT) sP- and PROT, PROT, and PROT (R&D, UK) have been determined using ELISA kits (photometer, Biomek-1000, Beckman, USA).
No	The chromatin of lymphocyte nuclei was studied using the computer TV morphodensitometry system DiaMorph (Russia) and smears dyed specifically for DNA.
No	Correlational changes in morphodensitometric (MDM) parameters and cytokine and PROT levels in two tests were compared to initial levels.
No	After rheologic testing, lymphocyte nuclei as a whole had not changed, but chromatin activity had decreased.
No	Reorganization of nuclei after the coagulation test was observed.
No	PROT and sP- and PROT levels were not related to function of lymphocytes (by MDM data) as seen in both tests; it is probable that another cell-cell communication mechanism had been switched on.
No	We established a strong correlation between chromatin activity of lymphocytes and the serum concentration of PROT, PROT, and PROT, which are the active participants in the pro- and anti-inflammatory program in atherogenesis.
No	Results are evidence of the role of lymphocytes in pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokine reactions and cytokine-like PROT activity in atherosclerosis.
No	The genetics of host resistance and susceptibility to tuberculosis.
No	The study of human genomics has the potential to aid our understanding of the interindividual and interpopulation differences in susceptibility to tuberculosis.
No	Resistance to infection is affected by the ability of macrophages to phagocytose and destroy the bacilli.
No	Several genes are involved in this process, and two have been the focus of recent interest: the PROT (PROT) gene and the genes coding for the PROT.
No	Susceptibility genes have also been discovered--for example, one on the X chromosome that may explain the increased susceptibility of males to tuberculosis.
No	Studies have also focused on the variations in virulence of the bacillus in both its drug-susceptible and drug-resistant forms.
No	These mechanisms must be understood in order to prevent, or combat, the emergence of a virulent, multidrug-resistant form of the bacillus that would be uncontrollable by means of today's treatment strategies.
No	Inflammatory gene polymorphisms and ischaemic heart disease: review of population association studies.
No	Inflammation and genetics are both prominent mechanisms in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and arterial thrombosis.
No	Accordingly, a number of population studies have explored the association of ischaemic heart disease with gene polymorphisms of the inflammatory molecules PROT and beta, PROT and 2, PROT and its receptor antagonist (PROT), PROT (the receptor for lipopolysaccharide), P and E selectins, and PROT.
No	Although they are very preliminary and partly conflicting, the data provide some evidence that alterations in the genetics of the inflammatory system may modify the risk of ischaemic heart disease.
No	Regulated trafficking of neurotransmitter transporters: common notes but different melodies.
No	The activity of biogenic amine and amino acid neurotransmitters is limited by presynaptic and astrocytic Na(+)-dependent transport systems.
No	Their functional importance is underscored by the observation that these transporters are the targets of broad classes of psychotherapeutic agents, including antidepressants and stimulants.
No	Early studies suggested that the activity of these transporters can be fine tuned by a number of different signaling pathways.
No	In the past five years, several groups have provided compelling evidence that changing the cell surface availability of these transporters contributes to this fine tuning.
No	This regulated trafficking can result in rapid (within minutes) increases or decreases in the plasma membrane expression of these transporters and is independent of transcriptional or translational control mechanisms.
No	Many of the same signaling molecules, including PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT), and protein phosphatase, regulate the transporters for different neurotransmitters.
No	In addition to these classical receptor activated pathways, transporter substrates also regulate activity and cell surface expression of these transporters.
No	In fact, some of the transporters form complexes with signaling molecules.
No	Given the functional and genetic similarities of these transporters, it is not surprising that the same signaling molecules regulate their trafficking, but except for the molecules, the actual effects on individual transporters are remarkably different.
No	It is as if the same musical notes have been rearranged into several different melodies.
No	Present data concerning the PROT-PROT system of extrarenal origin.
No	After a brief historical incursion regarding PROT of renal origin, we present the main extrarenal PROT-forming enzymes, starting with PROT, PROT, D and PROT and ending with the conversion enzyme and PROT.
No	This is followed by a short presentation of data concerning tissue PROT in the heart and vessels, brain and neurocranial accessory glands, cortico-suprarenal and gonadal glandular territory.
No	In the end we refer to the relations between circulating PROT of renal origin and the extrarenal PROT specific to tissue underlying the fact that the two PROT components cooperate and constitute a unitary hormonal system, regulating the major functions of the organism and maintaining the main homeostatic equilibria.
No	While the circulating PROT of renal origin is acutely activated to contribute to the accomplishment of short term homeostatic reactions, tissue PROT, in paracrine or autocrine ways, exerts local-regional adaptive actions of long duration.
No	Expression of glucocorticoid receptors and PROT in nasal polyps from nonallergic patients.
No	Glucocorticoid treatment has been widely used to suppress inflammatory and immune responses.
No	However, from a clinical point of view, its efficacy in the treatment of nasal polyposis seems to vary individually from patient to patient.
No	In the present study, we examined the presence of glucocorticoid receptors (GRs) and PROT (PROT) in the nasal polyps of nonallergic patients as compared with normal controls.
No	Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction analyses revealed the presence of both GR messenger RNA and PROT messenger RNA expression in nasal polyps from nonallergic patients, as well as in normal nasal mucosa from controls.
No	Consistent with this finding, immunohistochemical analysis demonstrated that GRs and PROT were labeled in both tissues.
No	In nasal polyps, GR labeling was associated with the cytoplasm and nucleus of surface mucosa, submucosal glands, endothelial cells, and inflammatory cells.
No	Importantly, PROT labeling was seen in the cytoplasm of surface mucosa, submucosal glands, and the vascular wall in nasal polyps.
No	In contrast, in normal nasal tissues, PROT labeling was only found in the vascular wall, and the expression was weaker--a finding demonstrating that PROT is upregulated in nasal polyps.
No	Therefore, 1) the presence of GRs and PROT in nasal polyps from nonallergic patients, as well as upregulation of PROT expression, suggests that inflammation may play an important role in the pathophysiology of nasal polyps; and 2) glucocorticoid could be a potential treatment method for suppressing inflammatory processes.
No	Instability of extracellular matrix gene expression in primary cell culture of fibroblasts from human vocal fold lamina propria and tracheal.
No	scar.Primary fibroblast cell cultures were established from lamina propria of human vocal fold and tracheal scar.
No	There exists a crucial need to provide new tools for studying voice biology, and one of the first steps is the development of a human primary laryngeal cell culture bank.
No	Because cell lines can lose their differentiated phenotype in culture across passages, documentation of gene expression must be determined for passage populations, for us to have knowledge of cell behavior in vitro.
No	Comparison of messenger RNA gene expression of extracellular matrix proteins (PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT) across cell passages (3, 4, 5, 6, 10, and 12 fornormal laminapropria and 3, 4, 5, 6, and 10 for tracheal scar) revealed varied growth patterns.
No	Cytogenetic analysis demonstrated relative stability of the karyotypes across passages for the tracheal scar cell cultures, whereas the karyotypes of the normal lamina propria fibroblasts showed instability in in vitro cultures.
No	Recommendations for use of primary cell cultures for further studies of gene expression are made.
No	Assaying of PROT, complement factors, and PROT in the diagnosis of malignant serous effusions.
No	The objective of this study was to measure the concentrations of PROT (PROT) in pleural and peritoneal effusions of different causes and to verify whether PROT, PROT (PROT), and complement factors PROT and PROT can be used in the differential diagnosis of serous effusion.
No	One hundred forty-five serous effusions of various origins were analyzed.
No	PROT, PROT, and complement factors PROT and PROT concentrations were measured simultaneously in blood and serous effusion using commercially available methods.
No	Serous effusions were classified as follows: 102 exudates and 43 transudates.
No	All variables were found to have good diagnostic value in the differential diagnosis of serous effusion.
No	In the stepwise discriminant analysis, four variables were selected, producing a significant discriminant function (p < 0.001).
No	Their order of selection was PROT effusion, PROT serum, PROT-effusion, and PROT effusion.
No	Combined use of these variables increased remarkably the diagnostic value (in diagnosing exudates versus transudates) giving sensitivity = 93.14%; specificity = 90.70%; positive predictive value = 95.96%; negative predictive value = 84.78%.
No	Determination of PROT, complement factors PROT and PROT, and PROT may be a significant parameter in the differential diagnosis of serous effusions, particularly in those patients with malignant disease.
No	Moreover, the combination of them significantly increased their diagnostic power.
No	Differential expression of PROT and PROT by NK cells in cancer patients and correlation of impaired PROT expression withprogression of cancer.
No	PROT has been identified as an effector molecule co-localized with PROT in the cytotoxic granules of cytotoxic T lymphocytes and natural killer (NK) cells, and has been reported to kill intracellular pathogens in infected cells in the presence of PROT and to induce a cytotoxic effect against tumor cells.
No	The aim of the present study was to elucidate whether intracellular expression of PROT and PROT by NK cells might be associated with progression of cancer.
No	Flow cytometric analysis demonstrated high levels of PROT and PROT expression by PROT(-) PROT(+) cells in healthy controls.
No	In contrast, cancer patients exhibited significantly decreased levels of PROT expression ( P<0.005), despite having equally high levels of PROT expression in comparison with healthy controls.
No	The tumor-free patients expressed PROT at levels similar to healthy controls, while the progressive tumor-bearing patients expressed remarkably lower levels of PROT compared to healthy controls ( P<0.0001).
No	Similarly, patients with an advanced performance status had significantly fewer PROT-positive NK cells than healthy controls.
No	Meanwhile, a considerable number of the tumor-bearing patients showed a decrease in the number of circulating NK cells, and a correlation between impaired PROT expression and reduced circulating NK cells was observed.
No	These findings suggest that the tumor-bearing patients with impaired PROT expression were in an immunosuppressive state.
No	In conclusion, impaired expression of PROT by NK cells correlates with progression of cancer, and determination of PROT expression might prove informative for assessing the immunological condition of cancer patients.
No	Regulation of cell proliferation, apoptosis, and carcinogenesis by activin.
No	.The aim of this review is to provide insight into the molecular mechanisms by which PROT modulates cell proliferation, apoptosis, and carcinogenesis in vitro and in vivo.
No	PROT, a member of the PROT superfamily, has various effects on diverse biological systems, including cell growth inhibition in many cell types.
No	However, the mechanism(s) by which activin exerts its inhibitory effects are not yet understood.
No	This review highlights activin's effects on activin receptors and signaling pathway, modulation of activin signaling, and regulation of cell proliferation and apoptosis by activin.
No	Based on the experiences of all the authors, we emphasized cell cycle inhibitors such as PROT and PROT and regulators of apoptosis such as PROT and members of the PROT family.
No	Aside from activin's inhibition of cell proliferation and enhancement of apoptosis, other newly developed methods for molecular studies of apoptosis by activin were briefly presented that support the role of activin as an inhibitor of carcinogenesis and cancer progression.
No	These methods include subtractive hybridization based on covalent bonding, a simple and accurate means to determine molecular profile of as few as 20 cells based on an RNA-PCR approach, and a messenger RNA-antisense DNA interference phenomenon (D-RNAi), resulting in a long-term gene knockout effects.
No	Identification of a new member of the tumor necrosis factor family and its receptor, a human ortholog of mouse GITR.
No	The tumor necrosis factor (TNF) and TNF receptor (TNFR) gene superfamilies regulate diverse biological functions, including cell proliferation, differentiation, and survival [1] [2] [3].
Yes	We have identified a new TNF-related ligand, designated human PROT ligand (hPROTL), and its human receptor (hPROT), an ortholog of the recently discovered murine glucocorticoid-induced TNFR-related (mPROT) protein [4].
No	The PROT gene mapped to chromosome 1q23, near the gene for the TNF homolog PROT/PROT [5].
No	The PROT gene mapped to chromosome 1p36, near a cluster of five genes encoding TNFR homologs [1] [6].
No	We found PROT mRNA in several peripheral tissues, and detected PROT protein on cultured vascular endothelial cells.
No	The levels of PROT mRNA in tissues were generally low; in peripheral blood T cells, however, antigen-receptor stimulation led to a substantial induction of PROT transcripts.
No	Cotransfection of PROT and PROT in embryonic kidney 293 cells activated the anti-apoptotic transcription factor PROT, via a pathway that appeared to involve PROT (PROT) [7] and PROT-inducing kinase (PROT) [8].
No	Cotransfection of PROT and PROT in Jurkat T leukemia cells inhibited antigen-receptor-induced cell death.
No	Thus, PROT and PROT may modulate T lymphocyte survival in peripheral tissues.
No	Differential mechanisms of recognition and activation of PROT receptor subtypes.
No	We have probed an epitope sequence (His18-Pro19-Lys20-Phe21) in PROT (PROT) by site-directed mutagenesis.
Yes	This work shows that single and double Ala substitutions of His18 and Phe21 in PROT reduced up to 77-fold the binding affinity to PROT receptor subtypes A (PROT) and B (PROT) and to the PROT.
No	These Ala mutants triggered neutrophil degranulation and induced calcium responses mediated by PROT and PROT.
No	Single Asp or Ser substitutions, H18D, F21D, F21S, and double substitutions, H18A/F21D, H18A/F21S, and H18D/F21D, reduced up to 431-fold the binding affinity to PROT, PROT, and the PROT.
No	Interestingly, double mutants with charged residue substitutions failed to trigger degranulation or to induce wild-type calcium responses mediated by PROT.
No	Except for the H18A and F21A mutants, all other PROT mutants failed to induce superoxide production in neutrophils.
Yes	This study demonstrates that PROT recognizes and activates PROT, PROT, and the PROT by distinct mechanisms.
Yes	Isolation of human PROT and its binding specificity with PROT.
Yes	We screened proteins for interaction with PROT, and cloned the full-length cDNA of human PROT, which encoded 1225 amino acids.
Yes	Yeast two-hybrid assay, GST binding assay and immunoprecipitation demonstrated that PROT interacted with a hydrophilic loop region in the endoproteolytic C-terminal fragment of PROT, but not with that of PROT.
No	These results suggest that PROT and PROT partly differ in function.
No	PROT loop fragment containing the pathogenic mutation retained the binding ability.
Yes	We also found another PROT, PROT, interacted with PROT.
No	A newly identified member of tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily (PROT) suppresses PROT-mediated apoptosis.
No	PROT (PROT (PROT)) is a new member of the tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR) family.
No	PROT mRNA is expressed in lung tissues and colon adenocarcinoma, SW480.
No	In addition, the expression of PROT mRNA was shown in the endothelial cell line and induced by phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate/ionomycin in Jurkat T leukemia cells.
No	The open reading frame of PROT encodes 300 amino acids with a 29-residue signal sequence but no transmembrane region.
No	Using histidine-tagged recombinant PROT, we screened soluble forms of TNF-ligand proteins with immunoprecipitation.
Yes	Here, we demonstrate that PROT specifically binds two cellular ligands, PROT (herpes virus entry mediator (PROT)-L) and PROT (PROT/PROT).
No	These bindings were confirmed with HEK 293 EBNA cells transfected with PROT cDNA by flow cytometry.
No	PROT inhibited PROT-induced cytotoxicity in HT29 cells.
Yes	It has been shown that PROT triggers apoptosis of various tumor cells including HT29 cells that express both PROT receptor (PROT) and PROT/PROT receptors.
Yes	Our data suggest that PROT inhibits the interactions of PROT with PROT/PROT and PROT, thereby suppressing PROT- mediated HT29 cell death.
No	Thus, PROT may play a regulatory role for suppressing in PROT- and PROT-mediated cell death.
Yes	Shared and unique determinants of the PROT (PROT) receptor are important for binding PROT and PROT mimetic peptide.
Yes	We have shown previously that Phe93 in the extracellular domain of the PROT (PROT) receptor (PROTR) is crucial for binding PROT.Substitution of Phe93 with alanine resulted in a dramatic decrease in PROT binding to the Escherichia coli-expressed extracellular domain of the PROTR (PROT-binding protein or PROT) and no detectable binding to full-length mutant receptor expressed in COS cells.
Yes	Remarkably, Phe93 forms extensive contacts with a peptide ligand in the crystal structure of the PROT bound to an PROT-mimetic peptide (PROT), suggesting that Phe93 is also important for PROT binding.
Yes	We used alanine substitution of PROT residues that contact PROT in the crystal structure to investigate the function of these residues in both PROT and PROT binding.
No	The three largest hydrophobic contacts at Phe93, Met150, and Phe205 and a hydrogen bonding interaction at Thr151 were examined.
No	Our results indicate that Phe93 and Phe205 are important for both PROT and PROT binding, Met150 is not important for PROT binding but is critical for PROT binding, and Thr151 is not important for binding either ligand.
Yes	Thus, Phe93 and Phe205 are important binding determinants for both PROT and PROT, even though these ligands share no sequence or structural homology, suggesting that these residues may represent a minimum epitope on the PROTR for productive ligand binding.
No	Association of terminal complement proteins in solution and modulation by suramin.
No	The association of terminal complement proteins was investigated by analytical ultracentrifugation and multi-angle laser light scattering.
Yes	Native PROT and PROT formed a heterodimer in solution of physiological ionic strength with a free-energy change DeltaG degrees of -8.3 kcal/mol and a dissociation constant Kd of 0.6 microM (at 20 degrees C) that was ionic strength- and temperature-dependent.
Yes	A van't Hoff plot of the change in Kd was linear between 10 and 37 degrees C and yielded values of DeltaH degrees = -12.9 kcal/mol and DeltaS degrees = -15.9 cal mol-1 deg-1, suggesting that electrostatic forces play a prominent role in the interaction of PROT with PROT.
Yes	Native PROT also formed a heterodimer with PROT,and low concentrations of polyionic ligands such as protamine and suramin inhibited the interaction.
No	Suramin induced high-affinity trimerization of PROT (Kd = 0.10 microM at 20 degrees C) and dimerization of PROT (Kd = 0.86 microM at 20 degrees C).
No	Suramin-induced PROT oligomerization may be the primary reason for the drug's ability to prevent complement-mediated hemolysis.
No	Analysis of sedimentation equilibria and also of the fluorescence enhancement of suramin when bound to protein provided evidence for two suramin-binding sites on each PROT and three on each PROT in the oligomers.
No	Oligomerization could be reversed by high suramin concentrations, but 8-aminonaphthalene-1,3,6- trisulfonate (ANTS2- ), which mimics half a suramin molecule, could not compete with suramin binding and oligomerization suggesting that the drug also binds nonionically to the proteins.
No	Presenilins interact with PROT, a small GTPase involved in the regulation of vesicular transport.
No	PROT (PROT) mutations account for the majority of early-onset dominant cases of familial Alzheimer's disease.
No	Presenilins (PSs) are located in many intra-cellular compartments such as the endoplasmic reticulum, Golgi apparatus, nuclear region and vesicular structures.
No	These proteins include from seven to nine putative transmembrane domains, with the N- and C-terminal ends and a large hydrophilic loop orientated towards the cytoplasm.
Yes	We report an interaction between the human PROT or PROT hydrophilic loop and PROT, a small GTPase belonging to the Ras-related superfamily.
Yes	Interaction domains were mapped to codons 374-400 for PROT and to codons 106-179 for PROT, a region including the fourth GTP-binding domain.
No	Considering the implication of Rab proteins in vesicular transport pathways, the PS-PROT inter-action suggests that PSs might be involved in amyloid precursor protein vesicular routing.
No	Endogenous PROT redistributes to the surface of lamellipodia upon adhesion of Jurkat cells to a collagen matrix.
No	Most familial early-onset Alzheimer's disease cases are caused by mutations in the PROT (PROT) gene.
No	Subcellular localization of the endogenous PROT is essential for understanding its function, interactions with proteins, and role in Alzheimer's disease.
No	Although numerous studies revealed predominant localization of PROT to endoplasmic reticulum and Golgi, there are conflicting reports on the localization of PROT to the cell surface.
No	We found that endogenous PROT is highly expressed in T lymphocytes (Jurkat cells).
No	Using a variety of methods, we present evidence that endogenous PROT is localized to the cell surface in addition to intracellular membrane compartments.
No	Moreover, PROT appeared in high levels on the surface of lamellipodia upon adhesion of the cells to a collagen matrix.
No	The redistribution of PROT in adhered cells was strikingly similar to that of the well characterized adhesion protein CD44.
Yes	Cell surface PROT formed complexes in vivo with actin-binding protein PROT (PROT), which is known to form bridges between cell surface receptors and cytoskeleton and mediate cell adhesion and cell motility.
No	Taken together, our results suggest a role of PROT in cell adhesion and/or cell-matrix interaction.
Yes	Molecular determinants of the interaction between the C-terminal domain of Alzheimer's PROT and PROT alpha-helices.
No	In a previous work, we predicted and demonstrated that the 29-42-residue fragment of PROT (PROT) has in vitro capacities close to those of the tilted fragment of viral fusion proteins.
Yes	We further demonstrated that PROT and E3 but not PROT can decrease the fusogenic activity of PROT(29-42) via a direct interaction.
No	Therefore, we suggested that this fragment is implicated in the neurotoxicity of PROT and in the protective effects of PROT in Alzheimer's disease.
No	Because structurally related apolipoproteins do not interact with the PROT C-terminal domain but inhibit viral fusion, we suggested that interactions existing between fusogenic peptides and apolipoproteins are selective and responsible for the inhibition of fusion.
No	In this study, we simulated interactions of all amphipathic helices of PROT and A-I with PROT and simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV) fusogenic fragments by molecular modeling.
No	We further calculated cross-interactions that do not inhibit fusion in vitro.
No	The results suggest that interactions of hydrophobic residues are the major event to inhibit the fusogenic capacities of PROT(29-42) and SIV peptides.
No	Selectivity of those interactions is due to the steric complementarity between bulky hydrophobic residues in the fusogenic fragments and hydrophobic residues in the apolipoprotein C-terminal amphipathic helices.
No	PROT binds multiple CC-chemokines: PROT acts as a natural antagonist.
Yes	PROT was first characterized as a receptor for PROT, PROT, and PROT, and was rapidly shown to be the main coreceptor for M-tropic human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-1 strains and simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV).
No	Chemokines constitute a rapidly growing family of proteins and receptor-chemokine interactions are known to be promiscuous and redundant.
No	We have therefore tested whether other CC-chemokines could bind to and activate PROT.
No	All CC-chemokines currently available were tested for their ability to compete with [(125)I]-PROT binding on a stable cell line expressing recombinant PROT, and/or to induce a functional response in these cells.
Yes	We found that in addition to PROT, PROT, and PROT, five other CC-chemokines could compete for [(125)I]-PROT binding: PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT binding was characterized by IC(50) values of 0.22, 2.14, 5.89, 29.9, and 21.7 nmol/L, respectively.
Yes	Among these ligands, PROT had the remarkable property of binding PROT with high affinity without eliciting a functional response, PROT could also inhibit the activation of PROT by PROT and may therefore be considered as a natural antagonist for PROT.
No	It was unable to induce significant endocytosis of the receptor.
Yes	Chemokines that could compete with high affinity for PROT binding could also compete for monomeric PROT binding, although with variable potencies; maximal PROT binding inhibition was 80% for PROT, but only 30% for PROT.
Yes	PROT could compete efficiently for PROT binding but was, however, found to be a weak inhibitor of HIV infection, probably as a consequence of its inability to downregulate the receptor.
Yes	Molecular cloning of a novel human CC chemokine (PROT) that is a functional ligand of PROT.
No	Previously, we mapped the novel CC chemokine PROT (PROT)/PROT to chromosome 7q11.23 (Nomiyama, H., Osborne, L. R., Imai, T., Kusuda, J., Miura, R., Tsui, L.-C., and Yoshie, O. (1998) Genomics 49, 339-340).
No	Since chemokine genes tend to be clustered, unknown chemokines may be present in the vicinity of those mapped to new chromosomal loci.
No	Prompted by this hypothesis, we analyzed the genomic region containing the gene for PROT/PROT (PROT) and have identified a novel CC chemokine termed PROT.
No	The genes for PROT/PROT (PROT) and PROT (PROT) are localized within a region of approximately 40 kilobases.
No	By Northern blot analysis, PROT mRNA was constitutively expressed in the heart and ovary.
No	We have generated recombinant PROT in a baculovirus expression system.
No	PROT induced transient calcium mobilization specifically in PROT (PROT)-expressing L1.2 cells with an EC(50) of 3 nM.
Yes	PROT competed the binding of (125)PROT to PROT-expressing L1.2 cells with an IC(50) of 13 nM.
No	PROT was chemotactic for normal peripheral blood eosinophils and basophils at high concentrations.
Yes	Collectively, PROT is yet another functional ligand for PROT.
Yes	The potency of PROT as a PROT ligand seems, however, to be approximately 10-fold less than that of PROT.
No	Identification of PROT will further promote our understanding of the control of eosinophil trafficking and other PROT-mediated biological phenomena.
No	The strategy used in this study may also be applicable to identification of other unknown chemokine genes.
Yes	PROT suppresses the function of PROT homodimers via interaction with PROT/PROT.
No	PROT (PROT) is the causative gene for an autosomal dominant familial Alzheimer's disease (AD) mapped to chromosome 14.
Yes	Here we show that PROT/PROT, a negative regulator of PROT, is a candidate to mediate the function of PROT in the cell.
Yes	We screened for proteins that bind to PROT from a human embryonic brain cDNA library using the two-hybrid method and isolated one clone encoding the PROT/PROT gene.
Yes	The binding of PROT/PROT to full-length PROT was confirmed in vitro by pull-down assay, and in vivo by immunoprecipitation assays with human samples, including AD brains.
No	Immunoelectronmicroscopic analysis showed that PROT/PROT and PROT are colocalized at the endoplasmic reticulum, and the nuclear matrix in human brain neurons.
Yes	Chloramphenicol acetyltransferase assays in F9 cells showed that PROT suppresses transactivation by PROT/PROT but not by PROT/PROT heterodimers, consistent with the reported function of PROT/PROT.
No	By monitoring fluorescent recombinant protein and by gel mobility shift assays, PROT was shown to accelerate the translocation of PROT from the cytoplasm to the nucleus and to thereby suppress the binding of PROT homodimer to 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13- acetate (TPA)-responsive element (TRE).
No	PROT suppressed PROT-associated apoptosis by retinoic acid in F9 embryonic carcinoma cells, whereas this suppression of apoptosis is attenuated by mutation in PROT.
No	Collectively, the novel function of PROT via PROT/PROT influences PROT-mediated transcription and apoptosis.
No	Structural interactions of fibroblast growth factor receptor with its ligands.
No	Fibroblast growth factors (FGFs) effect cellular responses by binding to FGF receptors (FGFRs).
No	FGF bound to extracellular domains on the FGFR in the presence of heparin activates the cytoplasmic receptor tyrosine kinase through autophosphorylation.
Yes	We have crystallized a complex between human PROT and a two-domain extracellular fragment of human PROT.
No	The crystal structure, determined by multiwavelength anomalous diffraction analysis of the selenomethionyl protein, is a dimeric assemblage of 1:1 ligand:receptor complexes.
No	FGF is bound at the junction between the two domains of one FGFR, and two such units are associated through receptor:receptor and secondary ligand:receptor interfaces.
No	Sulfate ion positions appear to mark the course of heparin binding between FGF molecules through a basic region on receptor D2 domains.
No	This dimeric assemblage provides a structural mechanism for FGF signal transduction.
Yes	Crystal structure of the hereditary haemochromatosis protein PROT complexed with PROT receptor.
No	PROT is related to major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I proteins and is mutated in the iron-overload disease hereditary haemochromatosis.
Yes	PROT binds to the PROT receptor (PROT), a receptor by which cells acquire iron-loaded PROT.
Yes	The 2.8 A crystal structure of a complex between the extracellular portions of PROT and PROT shows two PROT molecules which grasp each side of a twofold symmetric PROT dimer.
Yes	On a cell membrane containing both proteins, PROT would 'lie down' parallel to the membrane, such that the PROT helices that delineate the counterpart of the MHC peptide-binding groove make extensive contacts with helices in the PROT dimerization domain.
Yes	The structures of PROT alone and complexed with PROT differ in their domain arrangement and dimer interfaces, providing a mechanism for communicating binding events between PROT chains.
Yes	The PROT-PROT complex suggests a binding site for transferrin on PROT and sheds light upon the function of PROT in regulating iron homeostasis.
No	Bone morphogenetic protein receptor complexes on the surface of live cells: a new oligomerization mode for serine/threonine kinase receptors.
No	The bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs) play important roles in embryogenesis and normal cell growth.
No	The BMP receptors belong to the family of serine/threonine kinase receptors, whose activation has been investigated intensively for the PROT (PROT) receptor subfamily.
No	However, the interactions between the BMP receptors, the composition of the active receptor complex, and the role of the ligand in its formation have not yet been investigated and were usually assumed to follow the same pattern as the PROT receptors.
No	Here we demonstrate that the oligomerization pattern of the BMP receptors is different and is more flexible and susceptible to modulation by ligand.
No	Using several complementary approaches, we investigated the formation of homomeric and heteromeric complexes between the two known BMP type I receptors (PROT and PROT) and the PROT (PROT).
No	Coimmunoprecipitation studies detected the formation of heteromeric and homomeric complexes among all the BMP receptor types even in the absence of ligand.
No	These complexes were also detected at the cell surface after PROT binding and cross-linking.
Yes	Using antibody-mediated immunofluorescence copatching of epitope-tagged receptors, we provide evidence in live cells for preexisting heteromeric (PROT/PROT and PROT/PROT) and homomeric (PROT/PROT, PROT/ PROT, PROT/ PROT, and also PROT/ PROT) oligomers in the absence of ligand.
Yes	PROT binding significantly increased hetero- and homo-oligomerization (except for the PROT homo-oligomer, which binds ligand poorly in the absence of PROT).
No	In contrast to previous observations on PROT receptors, which were found to be fully homodimeric in the absence of ligand, the BMP receptors show a much more flexible oligomerization pattern.
No	This novel feature in the oligomerization mode of the BMP receptors allows higher variety and flexibility in their responses to various ligands as compared with the PROT receptors.
No	PROT amino acids controlling specificity for nerve growth factor.
No	Neurotrophins are important for the development and maintenance of the vertebrate nervous system, mediating their signal into the cell by specific interaction with tyrosine kinase receptors of the Trk family.
No	The extracellular portion of the Trk receptors has been previously proposed to consist of a cysteine-rich motif, a leucine-rich motif, a second cysteine-rich motif followed by two immunoglobulin-like domains.
No	Earlier studies have shown that a major neurotrophin-binding site in the Trk receptors resides in the second immunoglobulin-like domain.
Yes	Although the individual amino acids in PROT involved in binding to PROT (PROT) and those in PROT involved in binding to PROT have been mapped in this domain, the Trk amino acids that provide specificity remained unclear.
No	In this study, a minimum set of residues in the human PROT second immunoglobulin-like domain, which does not bind PROT (PROT), were substituted with those from human PROT.
Yes	The resulting Trk variant recruited binding of PROT equivalent to PROT, maintained PROT binding equivalent to PROT, and also bound PROT, although with lower affinity compared with PROT.
No	This implies that the amino acids in the second immunoglobulin-like domain that determine Trk specificity are distinct for each Trk.
Yes	Characterization of the PROT binding domain on the human PROT molecule using anti-PROT antibodies.
Yes	PROT and its counter-receptor PROT ligand (PROTL) are members of the TNF-receptor/PROT superfamily and function to regulate lymphocyte survival and differentiation.
No	Several monoclonal antibodies (MAbs) have been developed against PROT and, based on mutual inhibition assays, are grouped into three nonoverlapping serologic clusters.
No	However, the relationship between the epitopes recognized by the antibodies comprising each cluster and the binding domain for PROT is not known.
Yes	Using a soluble PROT/PROT chimeric protein, we assessed the ability of anti-PROT MAb to inhibit the binding of PROT to PROT expressed by the PROT+ Karpas 299 cell line.
Yes	PROT binding by PROT is blocked by MAb that recognize epitopes belonging to cluster Group A (like Ber-H2, Ber-H8, and HRS-4) as well as cluster Group C (like HeFi-1 and M44).
Yes	Cluster Group B antibodies, including M67 and Ki-1, do not affect PROT binding to PROT.
No	The pattern of PROT binding inhibition shows only limited correspondence to the functional capacity of some anti-PROT MAb to trigger PROT signaling.
Yes	Finally, we demonstrate that the anti-PROT MAb M81 also completely inhibits PROT/PROT interaction.
No	This information is useful for applying these MAbs in functional studies to further investigate the PROT/PROTL system and for designing assays for soluble PROTL.
No	Design, characterization, and structure of a biologically active single-chain mutant of human PROT.
Yes	A mutant form of human PROT (PROT SC1) that binds one PROT receptor alpha chain (PROT R alpha) has been designed and characterized.
No	PROT SC1 was derived by linking the two peptide chains of the PROT dimer by a seven-residue linker and changing His111 in the first chain to an aspartic acid residue.
Yes	Isothermal titration calorimetry shows that PROT SC1 forms a 1:1 complex with its high-affinity receptor (PROT R alpha) with an affinity of 27(+/- 9) nM.
No	The crystal structure of PROT SC1 has been determined at 2.9 A resolution from crystals grown in 1.4 M citrate solutions at pH 7.6.
No	Comparison of the wild-type receptor-binding domain and the Asp111-containing domain of PROT SC1 show that they are structurally equivalent but have very different electrostatic surface potentials.
No	As a result, surface charge rather than structural changes is likely responsible for the inability of the His111-->Asp domain of to bind PROT.
Yes	The AB loops of PROT adopt conformations similar to the ordered loops of PROT observed in the crystal structure of the PROT/PROT R alpha complex.
No	Thus, PROT R alpha binding does not result in a large conformational change in the AB loop as previously suggested.
No	The structure also reveals the final six C-terminal amino acid residues of PROT SC1 (residues 253-258) that have not been observed in any other reported PROT structures.
Yes	Despite binding to only one PROT R alpha, PROT SC1 is biologically active in cell proliferation, MHC class I induction, and anti-viral assays.
Yes	This suggests that one domain of PROT is sufficient to recruit PROT R alpha and PROT R beta into a complex competent for eliciting biological activity.
No	The current data are consistent with the main role of the PROT dimer being to decrease the dissociation constant of PROT for its cellular receptors.
No	PROT antagonists emerge from alterations in the low-affinity binding epitope for receptor PROT.
No	PROT (PROT) induces bone formation and regeneration in adult vertebrates and regulates important developmental processes in all animals.
No	PROT is a homodimeric cysteine knot protein that, as a member of the PROT (PROT) superfamily, signals by oligomerizing type I and type II receptor serine-kinases in the cell membrane.
Yes	The binding epitopes of PROT for PROT (type I) and PROT or PROT (type II) were characterized using PROT mutant proteins for analysis of interactions with receptor ectodomains.
Yes	A large epitope 1 for high-affinity PROT binding was detected spanning the interface of the PROT dimer.
No	A smaller epitope 2 for the low-affinity binding of PROT was found to be assembled by determinants of a single monomer.
No	Symmetry-related pairs of the two juxtaposed epitopes occur near the PROT poles.
No	Mutations in both epitopes yielded variants with reduced biological activity in C2C12 cells; however, only epitope 2 variants behaved as antagonists partially or completely inhibiting PROT activity.
No	These findings provide a framework for the molecular description of receptor recognition and activation in the BMP/PROT superfamily.
Yes	Crystal structure of the PROT-PROT ectodomain complex.
No	Bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs) belong to the large PROT (PROT) superfamily of multifunctional cytokines.
No	PROT can induce ectopic bone and cartilage formation in adult vertebrates and is involved in central steps in early embryonal development in animals.
No	Signaling by these cytokines requires binding of two types of transmembrane serine/threonine receptor kinase chains classified as type I and type II.
Yes	Here we report the crystal structure of human dimeric PROT in complex with two high affinity PROT extracellular domains(PROT).
No	The receptor chains bind to the 'wrist' epitopes of the PROT dimer and contact both PROT monomers.
No	No contacts exist between the receptor domains.
No	The model reveals the structural basis for discrimination between type I and type II receptors and the variability of receptor-ligand interactions that is seen in BMP-PROT systems.
Yes	PROT induces chemotaxis and adhesion by interacting with PROT and PROT.
No	PROT (PROT) is an unusually large CC chemokine, which is also known as PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT.
No	Previously, PROT was shown to induce leukocyte migration but the responsible signaling receptors were not characterized.
Yes	We report chemotaxis and competitive binding studies that show PROT binds to and activates PROT and PROT transfected HEK-293 cells.
No	PROT induced maximal migration of PROT and PROT transfected cells at 89.3 nmol/L and cell adhesion at 5.6 nmol/L.
No	The molar concentration of PROT required to induce maximum cell migration is 20- to 200-fold greater than that required for PROT or PROT, respectively.
No	All 3 chemokines induced maximal static adhesion at 5 to 7 nmol/L.
No	A neutralizing polyclonal antibody to PROT was developed to demonstrate that the unusually high concentration of PROT required to induce chemotaxis was a property of PROT and not as a result of an irrelevant protein contamination.
No	This study suggests that PROT may be a more effective inducer of cell adhesion than cell migration.
No	Identification of residues important both for primary receptor binding and specificity in PROT.
No	Fibroblast growth factors (FGFs) mediate a multitude of physiological and pathological processes by activating a family of tyrosine kinase receptors (FGFRs).
No	Each FGFR binds to a unique subset of FGFs and ligand binding specificity is essential in regulating FGF activity.
Yes	PROT recognizes one FGFR isoform known as the PROT isoform or PROT receptor (PROT), whereas PROT binds well to PROT, PROT, and PROT but interacts poorly with PROT.
No	Previously, mutations in PROT identified a set of residues that are important for high affinity receptor binding, known as the primary receptor-binding site.
Yes	PROT contains this primary site as well as a region that restricts interaction with PROT.
Yes	The sequences that confer on PROT its specific binding to PROT have not been identified.
Yes	By utilizing domain swapping and site-directed mutagenesis we have found that the loop connecting the beta4-beta5 strands of PROT contributes to high affinity receptor binding and is critical for PROT recognition.
Yes	Replacement of this loop with the homologous loop from PROT dramatically reduced both the affinity of PROT for PROT and its biological potency but did not result in the ability to bind PROT.
No	Point mutations in residues comprising this loop of PROT reduced both binding affinity and biological potency.
Yes	The reciprocal loop replacement mutant (PROT-L4/7) retained PROT like affinity for PROT and for PROT.
No	Our results show that topologically similar regions in these two FGFs have different roles in regulating receptor binding specificity and suggest that specificity may require the concerted action of distinct regions of an FGF.
No	New structural and functional aspects of the PROT interaction revealed by comprehensive mutational analysis of the binding interface.
No	Type I interferons bind to two cell surface receptors, PROT and PROT, as the first step in the activation of several signal transduction pathways that elicit an anti-viral state and an anti-proliferative response.
Yes	Here, we quantitatively mapped the complete binding region of PROT on PROT by 35 individual mutations to alanine and isosteric residues.
No	Of the six "hot-spot" residues identified (Leu-30, Arg-33, Arg-144, Ala-145, Met-148, and Arg-149), four are located on the E-helix, which is located at the center of the binding site flanked by residues on the A-helix and the AB-loop.
No	The contribution of residues of the D-helix, which have been previously implicated in binding, proved to be marginal for the interaction with the extracellular domain of PROT.
Yes	Interestingly, the PROT binding site overlaps the largest continuous hydrophobic patch on PROT.
No	Thus, hydrophobic interactions seem to play a significant role stabilizing this interaction, with the charged residues contributing toward the rapid association of the complex.
No	Relating the anti-viral and anti-proliferative activity of the various interferon mutants with their affinity toward PROT results in linear function over the whole range of affinities investigated, suggesting that PROT binding is the rate-determining step in cellular activation.
No	Dose-time analysis of the anti-viral response revealed that shortening the incubation time of low-level activation cannot be compensated by higher IFN doses.
No	Considering the strict dependence of the cellular response on affinity, these results suggest that for maintaining transcription of IFN-responsive genes over a longer time period, low but continuous signaling through the IFN receptor is essential.
No	Crystal structure of fibroblast growth factor receptor ectodomain bound to ligand and heparin.
No	Fibroblast growth factors (FGFs) are a large family of structurally related proteins with a wide range of physiological and pathological activities.
No	Signal transduction requires association of FGF with its receptor tyrosine kinase (FGFR) and heparan sulphate proteoglycan in a specific complex on the cell surface.
No	Direct involvement of the heparan sulphate glycosaminoglycan polysaccharide in the molecular association between FGF and its receptor is essential for biological activity.
No	Although crystal structures of binary complexes of FGF-heparin and FGF-FGFR have been described, the molecular architecture of the FGF signalling complex has not been elucidated.
Yes	Here we report the crystal structure of the PROT ectodomain in a dimeric form that is induced by simultaneous binding to PROT and a heparin decasaccharide.
No	The complex is assembled around a central heparin molecule linking two FGF1 ligands into a dimer that bridges between two receptor chains.
No	The asymmetric heparin binding involves contacts with both FGF1 molecules but only one receptor chain.
Yes	The structure of the PROT-PROT-heparin ternary complex provides a structural basis for the essential role of heparan sulphate in FGF signalling.
No	Loss of PROT ligand-binding specificity in Apert syndrome.
No	Craniosynostosis syndromes are autosomal dominant human skeletal diseases that result from various mutations in fibroblast growth factor receptor genes (Fgfrs).
No	Apert syndrome (AS) is one of the most severe craniosynostosis syndromes and is associated with severe syndactyly of the hands and feet and with central nervous system malformations.
No	AS is caused by specific missense mutations in one of two adjacent amino acid residues (S252W or P253R) in the highly conserved region linking Ig-like domains II and III of PROT.
No	Here we demonstrate that these mutations break one of the cardinal rules governing ligand specificity of PROT.
Yes	We show that the S252W mutation allows the mesenchymal splice form of PROT (PROTc) to bind and to be activated by the mesenchymally expressed ligands PROT or PROT and the epithelial splice form of PROT (PROTb) to be activated by PROT, PROT, and PROT.
No	These data demonstrate loss of ligand specificity of PROT with retained ligand dependence for receptor activation.
No	These data suggest that the severe phenotypes of AS likely result from ectopic ligand-dependent activation of PROT.
No	Structure of an extracellular PROT cytokine receptor signaling complex.
No	The activation of PROT, a shared signal-transducing receptor for a family of cytokines, is initiated by recognition of ligand followed by oligomerization into a higher order signaling complex.
Yes	Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus encodes a functional homolog of human PROT (PROT) that activates human PROT.
Yes	In the 2.4 angstrom crystal structure of the extracellular signaling assembly between viral PROT and human PROT, two complexes are cross-linked into a tetramer through direct interactions between the immunoglobulin domain of PROT and site III of viral PROT, which is necessary for receptor activation.
Yes	Unlike human PROT (which uses many hydrophilic residues), the viral cytokine largely uses hydrophobic amino acids to contact PROT, which enhances the complementarity of the viral PROT-PROT binding interfaces.
No	The cross-reactivity of PROT is apparently due to a chemical plasticity evident in the amphipathic PROT cytokine-binding sites.
Yes	PROT (PROT), a novel growth factor that binds to PROT and beta receptor.
No	We have characterized PROT, a novel growth factor belonging to the PDGF family.
No	PROT is a multidomain protein with the N-terminal region homologous to the extracellular CUB domain of PROT, and the C-terminal region consists of a growth factor domain (GFD) with homology to vascular PROT (25%) and PROT-chain (23%).
No	A serum-sensitive cleavage site between the two domains allows release of the GFD from the CUB domain.
Yes	Competition binding and immunoprecipitation studies on cells bearing both PROT and beta receptors reveal a high affinity binding of recombinant GFD (PROT) to PROT homodimers and PROT/beta heterodimers.
No	PROT exhibits greater mitogenic potency than PROT and comparable or greater mitogenic activity than PROT and PROT on several mesenchymal cell types.
No	Analysis of PROT in vivo in a diabetic mouse model of delayed wound healing showed that PROT significantly enhanced repair of a full-thickness skin excision.
No	Together, these studies describe a third member of the PDGF family (PROT) as a potent mitogen for cells of mesenchymal origin in in vitro and in vivo systems with a binding pattern similar to PROT.
Yes	Human PROT/PROT is a functional ligand for PROT, PROT and PROT, and constitutively expressed by hepatocytes.
No	PROT (PROT)/PROT is a human CC chemokine selectively expressed in the liver.
No	Here, we investigated its receptor usage by calcium mobilization and chemotactic assays using mouse L1.2 pre-B cell lines stably expressing a panel of 12 human chemokine receptors.
Yes	At relatively high concentrations, PROT induced calcium mobilization and chemotaxis via PROT and PROT.
Yes	PROT also induced calcium mobilization, but marginal chemotaxis via PROT.
Yes	Consistently, PROT was found to bind to PROT, PROT and PROT with relatively low affinities.
Yes	The binding of PROT to PROT was much less significant.
Yes	In spite of its binding to PROT, PROT was unable to inhibit infection of an R5-type HIV-1 to activated human peripheral blood mononuclear cells even at high concentrations.
No	In human liver sections, hepatocytes were strongly stained by anti-LEC antibody.
No	HepG2, a human hepatocarcinoma cell line, was found to constitutively express PROT.
No	PROT was also present in the plasma samples from healthy adult donors at relatively high concentrations (0.3--4 nM).
Yes	Taken together, PROT is a new low-affinity functional ligand for PROT, PROT and PROT, and is constitutively expressed by liver parenchymal cells.
No	The presence of PROT in normal plasma at relatively high concentrations may modulate inflammatory responses.
Yes	Cloning of PROT, a ligand for PROT on human T cells.
No	A cDNA clone, designated PROT (PROT) was isolated from a collection of T cell activation genes.
No	The polypeptide encoded by a mRNA of approx.
No	2.3 kb is 261 amino acids long with a calculated M(r) of 29.3 kDa.
No	The structural features predict a type II transmembrane protein, but are also compatible with a secreted form.
No	PROT is highly similar to an identified murine PROT both at the cDNA (82.8% identity) and the protein (77.4% identity) levels, and related to tumor necrosis factor/PROT.
Yes	Expressed in a murine myeloma, PROT was identified as a ligand for PROT by binding to a soluble PROT construct.
No	PROT mRNA is expressed in a T cell-specific fashion with a maximum at 8 h after stimulation.
No	The PROT gene is located in the q26.3-q27.1 region of the X chromosome.
Yes	Reconstitution of the multiprotein complex of PROT, PROT, and PROT in a cell-free system.
Yes	A rabbit reticulocyte lysate system that has been used to reconstitute functional complexes between steroid receptors and the 90-kDa heat shock protein (PROT) has been used here to form complexes between the PROT tyrosine kinase and PROT.
Yes	Reticulocyte lysate forms complexes between PROT and a temperature-sensitive mutant of Rous sarcoma virus PROT, which is normally present in cytosol virtually entirely in the multiprotein complex form.
Yes	In addition, PROT in the lysate complexes with wild-type PROT, of which only a small portion is normally recovered in cytosol in the native multiprotein complex, and with the cellular homolog, PROT, which has never been recovered in cytosol in the form of a native multiprotein complex with PROT.
No	Moreover, the reticulocyte lysate-reconstituted complex also contains the 50-kDa phosphoprotein component of the native PROT multiprotein complex.
Yes	The native and reconstituted PROT-PROT complexes have similar thermal stability and, like steroid receptor heterocomplexes, they are stabilized by molybdate.
Yes	As previously shown with reticulocyte lysate-reconstituted steroid receptor heteroprotein complexes, the reconstituted PROT multiprotein complex contains PROT, which is a major candidate for providing the protein unfoldase activity required for PROT association.
No	The SH2 and SH3 domain-containing protein PROT links receptor tyrosine kinases to ras signaling.
No	A cDNA clone encoding a novel, widely expressed protein (called PROT or PROT) containing one src homology 2 (SH2) domain and two SH3 domains was isolated.
No	Immunoblotting experiments indicate that PROT associates with tyrosine-phosphorylated epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFRs) and platelet-derived growth factor receptors (PDGFRs) via its SH2 domain.
No	Interestingly, PROT exhibits striking structural and functional homology to the C. elegans protein sem-5.
No	It has been shown that sem-5 and two other genes called let-23 (EGFR like) and let-60 (ras like) lie along the same signal transduction pathway controlling C. elegans vulval induction.
No	To examine whether PROT is also a component of ras signaling in mammalian cells, microinjection studies were performed.
No	While injection of PROT or PROT proteins alone into quiescent rat fibroblasts did not have mitogenic effect, microinjection of PROT together with PROT protein stimulated DNA synthesis.
No	These results suggest that PROT/PROT plays a crucial role in a highly conserved mechanism for growth factor control of ras signaling.
No	Analysis of the oligomerization of PROT and PROT products in vivo using a two-hybrid assay system.
No	Members of the helix-loop-helix (HLH) family of proteins bind DNA and activate transcription as homo- and heterodimers.
Yes	PROT is a muscle-specific HLH protein that binds DNA in vitro as a heterodimer with several widely expressed HLH proteins, such as the PROT gene products PROT and PROT.
No	We describe a method for detection of protein-protein interactions among HLH proteins in vivo in which dimerization through the HLH motif reconstructs a hybrid transcription factor containing the DNA-binding domain of yeast GAL4 linked to one HLH motif and the activation domain of PROT linked to another.
No	We have used this assay to investiagate whether myogenin forms homomeric or heteromeric complexes in vivo and to determine whether growth factors and oncogenes that inhibit myogenesis influence myogenin's ability to dimerize.
Yes	The results show that PROT heterodimerizes with PROT and PROT in vivo, but it does not homodimerize to a measurable extent.
No	Peptide growth factors, as well as the immediate early gene products PROT, PROT, and PROT, inhibit the activity of myogenin through a mechanism independent of its association with PROT products.
Yes	Activation of PROT kinase by PROT in NIH 3T3 cells and in vitro.
No	Mitogen-activated protein (MAP) kinases are 42- and 44-kD serine-threonine protein kinases that are activated by tyrosine and threonine phosphorylation in cells stimulated with mitogens and growth factors.
Yes	PROT and the protein kinase that activates it (PROT kinase) were constitutively activated in NIH 3T3 cells infected with viruses containing either of two oncogenic forms (p35EC12, p3722W) of the PROT protein kinase.
Yes	The PROT proteins purified from cells infected with EC12 or 22W viruses activated PROT kinase from skeletal muscle in vitro.
No	Furthermore, a bacterially expressed PROT fusion protein (glutathione S-transferase-p3722W) also activated PROT kinase in vitro.
Yes	These findings suggest that one function of PROT in mitogenic signaling is to phosphorylate and activate PROT kinase.
No	Biochemical properties of the 75-kDa tumor necrosis factor receptor. Characterization of ligand binding, internalization, and receptor phosphorylation.
No	An expression plasmid encoding the human 75-kDa PROT (PROT) was constructed and used to generate a stable human cell line (293/PROT) overexpressing PROT.
No	Ligand binding analysis revealed high affinity binding (Kd = 0.2 nM) with approximately 94,000 +/- 7,500 sites/cell for 125I-PROT and approximately 5-fold lower affinity for PROT (Kd = 1.1 nM) with 264,000 +/- 2,000 sites/cell.
No	Cross-linking of 125I-PROT and 125I-PROT to 293/PROT cells yielded predominant complexes with apparent molecular weights of 211,000 for PROT and 205,000 and 244,000 for PROT, suggesting these complexes contain two or three PROT molecules.
No	Immunoprecipitation of PROT from 32P-labeled 293/PROT cells demonstrated that the receptor is phosphorylated.
No	The majority (97%) of 32Pi incorporation was found in serine residues with a very low level of incorporation (3%) in threonine residues.
No	PROT treatment of 293/PROT cells did not significantly affect the degree or pattern of phosphorylation.
No	Cell surface-bound 125I-TNF-alpha was slowly internalized by the 293/PROT cell line with a t1/2 = 25 min.
No	Shedding of the extracellular domain of PROT was induced by 4 beta-phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate but not by PROT or PROT.
No	Crystal structure of human PROT.
No	The crystal structure of the homodimeric PROT (PROT) has been determined by X-ray analysis to 3.0 A resolution.
No	The polypeptide chain is folded into two highly twisted antiparallel pairs of beta-strands and contains an unusual knotted arrangement of three intramolecular disulfide bonds.
No	Dimerization leads to the clustering of three surface loops at each end of the elongated dimer, which most probably form the receptor recognition sites.
Yes	Coassociation of PROT (PROT) with PROT on the surface of human T lymphocytes.
No	In the present report, we demonstrated that modulation of PROT from T cell surface induced by antiPROT (1F7) led to enhanced phosphorylation of PROT zeta tyrosine residues and increased PROT associated p56lck tyrosine kinase activity.
No	We further showed that PROT was comodulated on the T cell surface with PROT, a known membrane-linked protein tyrosine phosphatase and that anti-PROT was capable of precipitating PROT from T cell lysates.
Yes	These findings strongly suggest that PROT may be closely associated with the PROT protein tyrosine phosphatase on T cell surface and further support the notion that the interaction of PROT with PROT results in enhanced tyrosine kinase activity, zeta chain phosphorylation, and T cell activation.
No	cDNA cloning and expression of a human FGF receptor which binds acidic and basic FGF.
No	We have isolated and characterized a cDNA clone, PROT, encoding a human fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptor. PROT contains an open reading frame which encodes an 820 amino acid polypeptide with three immunoglobulin-like domains in the extracellular part and an intracellular split tyrosine kinase domain.
No	Transient expression in COS-1 cells and immunoprecipitation using an antiserum raised against a C-terminal peptide, gave rise to two components, representing mature (130 kDa) and precursor (115 kDa) forms of the PROT encoded polypeptide, which was denoted PROT.
No	Crosslinking of iodinated PROT (PROT) and PROT (PROT) to transiently expressing COS-1 cells revealed a major band of 95 kDa, which was competed for by both PROT and PROT.
Yes	From Scatchard analyses, the Kd:s for binding of PROT and PROT to PROT were estimated to 25 pM and 41 pM, respectively.
Yes	Thus, PROT encodes a human FGF receptor with high affinity for both PROT and PROT.
Yes	Cross-family dimerization of transcription factors PROT/PROT and PROT/PROT alters DNA binding specificity.
No	The PROT/PROT and PROT/PROT families of transcription factors function in coupling extracellular signals to alterations in expression of specific target genes.
No	Like many eukaryotic transcription factors, these proteins bind to DNA as dimers.
No	Dimerization is mediated by a structure known as the "leucine-zipper" motif.
No	Although PROT/PROT and PROT/PROT were previously thought to interact preferentially with different DNA regulatory elements (the AP-1/TRE and PROT/CRE sites, respectively), we find that members of these two families form selective cross-family heterodimers.
No	The resulting heterodimers display distinguishable DNA binding specificities from each other and from their parental homodimers.
No	These findings indicate that the PROT/PROT and PROT/PROT families of transcription factors are not as distinct as was previously thought.
No	We suggest that they can be grouped into a superfamily of transcription factors.
No	Human PROT, a new cyclin that interacts with two members of the PROT gene family.
No	A new human cyclin, named PROT, was isolated by complementation of a triple cln deletion in S. cerevisiae.
Yes	PROT showed genetic interactions with the PROT gene, suggesting that it functioned at START by interacting with the PROT protein.
No	Two human genes were identified that could interact with PROT to perform START in yeast containing a PROT mutation.
No	One was PROT-HS, and the second was the human homolog of Xenopus PROT.
Yes	PROT produced in E. coli bound and activated the PROT protein in extracts from human G1 cells, and antibodies against PROT immunoprecipitated a histone H1 kinase from HeLa cells.
Yes	The interactions between PROT and PROT, or PROT, may be important at the G1 to S transition in human cells.
No	PROT phosphorylation is required for its interaction with cyclin.
No	Activation of the PROT protein kinase at different stages of the cell cycle is regulated by post-translational modifications and interactions with cyclins.
No	We show that in vitro translated human PROT binds very poorly to A and B cyclins, unless it has been preincubated with a Xenopus egg extract.
No	This results in the phosphorylation of PROT which allows binding to cyclins.
No	The replacement of Thr161, a residue conserved and phosphorylated in other protein kinases, with valine inhibits PROT association with A and B cyclins.
No	In addition, mutations in the amino-terminus of PROT and within the conserved 'PSTAIR' region strongly inhibit binding.
No	The Thr161Val mutation causes a lethal phenotype in the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe, while replacement of Thr161 with glutamic acid, potentially mimicking phosphorylation, causes uncoordination of mitosis and multiple cytokinesis.
No	These results suggest that a threonine phosphorylation/dephosphorylation cycle is involved in regulating PROT function.
No	Specific activation of PROT tyrosine phosphatases by B-type cyclins: evidence for multiple roles of mitotic cyclins.
No	Two previously unidentified human PROT genes have been isolated, PROTA and PROTB.
No	Both genes rescue a cdc25ts mutant of fission yeast.
No	Microinjection of anti-PROT antibodies into HeLa cells causes their arrest in mitosis. PROT and PROT display endogenous tyrosine phosphatase activity that is stimulated several-fold, in the absence of cdc2, by stoichiometric addition of either PROT or B2 but not A or D1.
Yes	Association between PROT and PROT/PROT was detected in the HeLa cells.
No	These findings indicate that B-type cyclins are multifunctional proteins that not only act as M phase regulatory subunits of the PROT protein kinase, but also activate the PROT5 tyrosine phosphatase, of which PROT is the physiological substrate.
No	A region of amino acid similarity between cyclins and tyrosine PTPases has been detected.
No	This region is absent in PROT phosphatases.
No	The motif may represent an activating domain that has to be provided to PROT by intermolecular interaction with PROT.
Yes	Activation of PROT decreases phosphorylation of PROT at sites that negatively regulate its DNA-binding activity.
Yes	In resting human epithelial and fibroblastic cells, PROT is phosphorylated on serine and threonine at five sites, three of which are phosphorylated in vitro by PROT (PROT).
No	These three sites are nested within a single tryptic peptide located just upstream of the basic region of the PROT DNA-binding domain (residues 227-252).
Yes	Activation of PROT results in rapid, site-specific dephosphorylation of PROT at one or more of these three sites and is coincident with increased PROT-binding activity.
Yes	Phosphorylation of recombinant human PROT proteins in vitro by PROT decreases their DNA-binding activity.
No	Mutation of serine 243 to phenylalanine blocks phosphorylation of all three sites in vivo and increases the inherent trans-activation ability of PROT at least 10-fold.
Yes	We propose that PROT is present in resting cells in a latent, phosphorylated form that can be activated by site-specific dephosphorylation in response to PROT activation.
No	Interaction of the regulatory subunit (PROT) of PROT with PROT-anchoring proteins occurs through an amphipathic helix binding motif.
No	The PROT is localized to specific subcellular environments through the binding of the regulatory subunit (PROT) dimer to PROT-anchoring proteins.
No	Computer-aided analysis of secondary structure, performed on four PROT-anchoring protein sequences (the PROT, PROT, and two thyroid proteins PROT and PROT), has identified common regions of approximately 14 residues which display high probabilities of forming amphipathic helices.
No	The potential amphipathic helix region of PROT (Leu-Ile-Glu-Glu-Ala-Ala-Ser-Arg-Ile-Val-Asp-Ala-Val-Ile) lies between residues 494 and 507.
Yes	A bacterially expressed 318-amino acid fragment, PROT (418-736), containing the amphipathic helix region, was able to bind PROT alpha.
No	Site-directed mutagenesis designed to disrupt the secondary structure in the putative binding helix reduced binding dramatically.
No	Specifically, substitution of proline for Ala-498 significantly diminished PROT alpha binding, and similar mutation of Ile-502 or Ile-507 abolished interaction.
No	Mutation of Ala-522 to proline, which is located outside the predicted amphipathic helix region, had no effect on PROT alpha binding.
No	These data suggest that anchoring proteins interact with PROT alpha via an amphipathic helix binding motif.
No	Phosphorylation of PROT mediated by MAP kinases.
No	The proto-oncogene PROT is a component of the PROT transcription factor family involved in the mediation of nuclear events elicited by extracellular stimuli.
No	The PROT protein is negatively regulated by phosphorylation of residues near the carboxy terminus which are dephosphorylated in response to phorbol esters.
No	Here we identify two serine residues in the amino terminal A1 transactivation domain which are phosphorylated in response to a variety of mitogens, phorbol esters and activated PROT.
Yes	We present evidence that PROT (PROT and PROT/44) specifically phosphorylate these sites and that their phosphorylation positively regulates the transacting activity of PROT.
No	The PROT enzymes PROT and PROT/44 are regulated by tyrosine as well as serine/threonine phosphorylation.
No	PROT activation of PROT may underlie the common stimulation of this transcription factor by mitogens, growth factors and oncogenes.
No	A cellular protein that competes with PROT for binding to the PROT gene product.
No	Tumour-suppressor genes, such as the human PROT (PROT), are widely recognized as being vital in the control of cell growth and tumour formation.
No	This role is indicated, in part, by the suppression of tumorigenicity of human tumour cells after retrovirus-mediated PROT replacement.
No	How PROT acts to bring about this suppression is not clear but one clue is that the PROT protein forms complexes with the transforming oncoproteins of several DNA tumour viruses, and that two regions of PROT essential for such binding frequently contain mutations in tumour cells.
No	These observations suggest that endogenous cellular proteins might exist that bind to the same regions of PROT and thereby mediate its function.
No	We report here the identification of one such human cellular PROT-associated protein of relative molecular mass 46,000 (46K) (PROTAP46).
Yes	Two lines of evidence support the notion that PROT and PROT have homologous PROT-binding properties: first, several mutated PROT proteins that failed to bind to T also did not associate with PROT; and second, both T antigen and T peptide (amino acids 101-118) were able to compete with PROT for binding to PROT.
Yes	The apparent targeting of the PROT-PROT interaction by oncoproteins of DNA tumour viruses strongly suggests that formation of this complex is functionally important.
No	Molecular cloning and expression of a receptor for human tumor necrosis factor.
No	A human tumor necrosis factor (TNF) binding protein from serum of cancer patients was purified to homogeneity and partially sequenced.
No	Synthetic DNA probes based on amino acid sequence information were used to isolate cDNA clones encoding a receptor for TNF.
No	The TNF receptor (TNF-R) is a 415 amino acid polypeptide with a single membrane-spanning region.
No	The extracellular cysteine-rich domain of the TNF-R is homologous to the nerve growth factor receptor and the PROT PROT.
No	Human embryonic kidney cells transfected with a TNF-R expression vector specifically bind both 125I-labeled and biotinylated PROT.
No	Unlabeled PROT and PROT were equally effective at displacing the binding of labeled PROT to TNF-R expressing cells.
No	Northern analysis indicates a single species of mRNA for the TNF-R in a variety of cell types.
No	Therefore, the soluble TNF binding protein found in human serum is probably proteolytically derived from the TNF-R.
No	Expression cloning of a receptor for human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor.
Yes	Two cDNA clones encoding a receptor for human PROT (PROT) were isolated by expression screening of a library made from human placental mRNA.
No	Pools of recombinant plasmid DNA were electroporated into COS cells which were then screened for their capacity to bind radioiodinated hGM-CSF using a sensitive microscopic autoradiographic approach.
No	The cloned PROT precursor is a 400 amino acid polypeptide (Mr 45,000) with a single transmembrane domain, a glycosylated extracellular domain and a short (54 amino acids) intracytoplasmic tail.
No	It does not contain a tyrosine kinase domain nor show homology with members of the immunoglobulin super gene family, but does show some significant sequence homologies with receptors for several other haemopoietic growth factors, including those for PROT, PROT and PROT (beta-chain) and also to the prolactin receptor.
Yes	When transfected into COS cells the cloned cDNA directed the expression of a PROT showing a single class of affinity (KD = 2(-8) nM) and specificity for human PROT but not PROT.
No	Messenger RNA coding for this receptor was detected in a variety of haemopoietic cells known to display PROT binding, and cross-linking experiments revealed a similar size for the glycosylated receptors in transfected COS and haemopoietic cells.
No	Structure of tumour necrosis factor.
No	Tumour necrosis factor is a trimeric molecule, each subunit of which consists of an antiparallel beta-sandwich.
No	Individual subunits from the trimer by a novel edge-to-face packing of beta-sheets.
No	A comparison of the subunit fold with that of other proteins reveals a remarkable similarity to the 'jelly-roll' structural motif characteristic of viral coat proteins.
Yes	The T-cell antigen PROT acts as a receptor and substrate for the protein-tyrosine kinase PROT.
Yes	PROT is a T-cell-specific antigen which binds to the B-cell antigen PROT and acts as a coreceptor in the stimulation of T-cell growth.
Yes	PROT associates with the PROT (PROT)/PROT complex and is rapidly phosphosphorylated on tyrosine residues as a result of PROT/PROT ligation.
No	However, despite this, the mechanism by which PROT generates intracellular signals is unclear.
Yes	In this study, we demonstrate that PROT is coupled to the protein-tyrosine kinase PROT and can act as a substrate for PROT.
No	Coexpression of PROT with PROT in the baculovirus expression system resulted in the phosphorylation of PROT on tyrosine residues.
No	Further, anti-PROT and anti-PROT coprecipitated each other in a variety of detergents, including Nonidet P-40 and Triton X-100.
No	Anti-PROT also precipitated the kinase from various T cells irrespective of the expression of PROT/PROT or PROT.
No	No binding between PROT(T) and PROT was detected in T cells.
Yes	The binding of PROT to PROT induced a 10- to 15-fold increase in PROT catalytic activity, as measured by in vitro kinase analysis.
Yes	In vivo labelling with 32P(i) also showed a four- to fivefold increase in Y-394 occupancy in PROT when associated with PROT.
Yes	The use of glutathione S-transferase-Lck fusion proteins in precipitation analysis showed that the SH2 domain of PROT could recognize PROT as expressed in the baculovirus expression system.
Yes	PROT interaction wPROT PROT represents a novel variant of a receptor-kinasPROTex in which receptor can also serve as substrate. ( ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS ).
No	Making a connection: direct binding between keratin intermediate filaments and desmosomal proteins.
No	In epidermal cells, keratin intermediate filaments connect with desmosomes to form extensive cadherin-mediated cytoskeletal architectures.
No	PROT (PROT), a desmosomal component lacking a transmembrane domain, has been implicated in this interaction, although most studies have been conducted with cells that contain few or no desmosomes, and efforts to demonstrate direct interactions between desmoplakin and intermediate filaments have not been successful.
No	In this report, we explore the biochemical nature of the connections between keratin filaments and desmosomes in epidermal keratinocytes.
Yes	We show that the carboxy terminal "tail" of PROT associates directly with the amino terminal "head" of type II epidermal keratins, including PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	We have engineered and purified recombinant PROT head and PROT tail, and we demonstrate direct interaction in vitro by solution-binding assays and by ligand blot assays.
No	This marked association is not seen with simple epithelial type II keratins, PROT, or with type I keratins, providing a possible explanation for the greater stability of the epidermal keratin filament architecture over that of other cell types.
Yes	We have identified an 18-amino acid residue stretch in the PROT head that is conserved only among type II epidermal keratins and that appears to play some role in PROT tail binding.
No	This finding might have important implications for understanding a recent point mutation found within this binding site in a family with a blistering skin disorder.
No	A newly identified member of tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily ( PROT ) suppresses PROT-mediated apoptosis .
No	PROT ( PROT ( PROT ) ) is a new member of the tumor necrosis factor receptor ( TNFR ) family .
No	PROT mRNA is expressed in lung tissues and colon adenocarcinoma , SW480 .
No	In addition , the expression of PROT mRNA was shown in the endothelial cell line and induced by phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate / ionomycin in Jurkat T leukemia cells .
No	The open reading frame of PROT encodes 300 amino acids with a 29-residue signal sequence but no transmembrane region .
No	Using histidine-tagged recombinant PROT , we screened soluble forms of TNF-ligand proteins with immunoprecipitation .
Yes	Here , we demonstrate that PROT specifically binds two cellular ligands , PROT ( PROT ) and PROT ligand ( PROTL / PROT ) .
No	These bindings were confirmed with HEK 293 EBNA cells transfected with PROT cDNA by flow cytometry .
No	PROT inhibited PROT-induced cytotoxicity in HT29 cells .
Yes	It has been shown that PROT triggers apoptosis of various tumor cells including HT29 cells that express both PROT receptor ( PROT ) and PROT / PROT receptors .
Yes	Our data suggest that PROT inhibits the interactions of PROT with PROT / PROT and PROT , thereby suppressing PROT-mediated HT29 cell death .
No	Thus , PROT may play a regulatory role for suppressing in PROT- and PROT-mediated cell death .
Yes	The PROT protein binds to PROT, a zinc-finger protein that shares an epitope with the adenovirus PROT protein.
No	The PROT (PROT) is a target of viral oncoproteins.
No	To explore the hypothesis that viral proteins may be structural mimics of cellular proteins, we have searched cDNA libraries for PROT-binding proteins.
No	We report here the cloning of a cDNA for the protein PROT from rat and human cells.
No	PROT is a 250-kDa nuclear protein containing eight zinc-finger motifs.
No	It contains an PROT-binding motif that shares an antigenic epitope with the C terminus of PROT.
No	A domain is conserved between PROT and the PROT/PROT differentiation factor.
No	Other motifs of PROT include putative GTPase and SH3 (src homology domain 3) domains.
No	PROT is preferentially expressed in both adult and embryonic rat neuroendocrine tissues.
No	It is also expressed in human retinoblastoma cells and at low levels in all other human cell lines examined.
No	While the function of PROT is not yet clear, its structure and pattern of expression suggest a role for PROT in transcriptional regulation during neuronal differentiation and pathogenesis of retinoblastoma.
Yes	PROT, a novel death domain-containing protein, interacts with the death domain of PROT and initiates apoptosis.
Yes	Using the cytoplasmic domain of PROT in the yeast two-hybrid system, we have identified a novel interacting protein, PROT, which binds PROT and PROT-PROT, a mutant of PROT possessing enhanced killing activity, but not the functionally inactive mutants PROT-PROT and PROT-PROT.
No	PROT contains a death domain homologous to the death domains of PROT and PROT.
Yes	A point mutation in PROT, analogous to the lpr mutation of PROT, abolishes its ability to bind PROT, suggesting a death domain to death domain interaction.
Yes	Overexpression of PROT in MCF7 and BJAB cells induces apoptosis, which, like PROT-induced apoptosis, is blocked by PROT, a specific inhibitor of the PROT-converting enzyme.
No	These findings suggest that PROT may play an important role in the proximal signal transduction of PROT.
Yes	PROT: a novel protein containing a death domain that interacts with PROT/PROT (PROT) in yeast and causes cell death.
No	Ligation of the extracellular domain of the cell surface receptor PROT/PROT (PROT) elicits a characteristic programmed death response in susceptible cells.
Yes	Using a genetic selection based on protein-protein interaction in yeast, we have identified two gene products that associate with the intracellular domain of PROT: PROT itself, and a novel 74 kDa protein we have named PROT, for PROT.
Yes	PROT also interacts weakly with the PROT tumor necrosis factor receptor (PROT) intracellular domain, but not with a mutant version of PROT corresponding to the murine lprcg mutation.
No	PROT contains an N-terminal region with homology to protein kinases and a C-terminal region containing a cytoplasmic motif (death domain) present in the PROT and PROT intracellular domains.
No	Transient overexpression of PROT causes transfected cells to undergo the morphological changes characteristic of apoptosis.
No	Taken together, these properties indicate that PROT is a novel form of apoptosis-inducing protein.
No	Identification of an 11-kDa PROT-rapamycin-binding domain within the 289-kDa PROT-rapamycin-associated protein and characterization of a critical serine residue.
No	Complexed with its intracellular receptor, PROT, the natural product rapamycin inhibits G1 progression of the cell cycle in a variety of mammalian cell lines and in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisae.
Yes	Previously, a mammalian protein that directly associates with PROT-rapamycin has been identified and its encoding gene has been cloned from both human (designated PROT) [Brown, E.J., Albers, M.W., Shin, T.B., Ichikawa, K., Keith, C.T., Lane, W.S. & Schreiber, S.L. (1994) Nature (London) 369, 756-758] and rat (designated PROT) [Sabatini, D.M., Erdjument-Bromage, H., Lui, M., Tempst, P. & Snyder, S.H. (1994) Cell 78, 35-43].
No	The full-length PROT is a 289-kDa protein containing a putative phosphatidylinositol kinase domain.
Yes	Using an in vitro transcription/translation assay method coupled with proteolysis studies, we have identified an 11-kDa PROT-rapamycin-binding domain within PROT.
No	This minimal binding domain lies N-terminal to the kinase domain and spans residues 2025-2114.
No	In addition, we have carried out mutagenesis studies to investigate the role of Ser2035, a potential phosphorylation site for PROT within this domain.
No	We now show that the PROT Ser2035-->Ala mutant displays similar binding affinity when compared with the wild-type protein, whereas all other mutations at this site, including mimics of phosphoserine, abolish binding, presumably due to either unfavorable steric interactions or induced conformational changes.
No	Localization of functional receptor epitopes on the structure of ciliary neurotrophic factor indicates a conserved, function-related epitope topography among helical cytokines.
Yes	By rational mutagenesis, receptor-specific functional analysis, and visualization of complex formation in solution, we identified individual amino acid side chains involved specifically in the interaction of PROT (PROT) with PROTR alpha and not with the beta-components, PROT and PROT.
No	In the crystal structure, the side chains of these residues, which are located in helix A, the AB loop, helix B, and helix D, are surface accessible and are clustered in space, thus constituting an epitope for PROT.
No	By the same analysis, a partial epitope for PROT was also identified on the surface of helix A that faces away from the alpha-epitope.
No	Superposition of the PROT and growth hormone structures showed that the location of these epitopes on PROT is analogous to the location of the first and second receptor epitopes on the surface of growth hormone.
No	Further comparison with proposed binding sites for alpha- and beta-receptors on PROT and leukemia inhibitory factor indicated that this epitope topology is conserved among helical cytokines.
No	In each case, epitope I is utilized by the specificity-conferring component, whereas epitopes II and III are used by accessory components.
No	Thus, in addition to a common fold, helical cytokines share a conserved order of receptor epitopes that is function related.
Yes	Evidence for a differential interaction of PROT and the PROT (PROT) with the PROT (PROT) receptor in the yeast two-hybrid system.
Yes	Using the yeast two-hybrid system, a genetic assay for studying protein-protein interactions, we have examined and compared the interaction of the PROT receptor (PROT) and the PROT (PROT) with their two known substrates PROT and the PROT substrate-1 (PROTS-1).
No	We also mapped the specific domains of the PROT and PROT participating in these interactions.
Yes	Our findings can be summarized as follows: (i) the tyrosine kinase activity of the PROT is essential for the interaction with PROT and PROT, (ii) PROT and PROT bind to the PROT in the NPEY-juxtamembrane motif, (iii) contrary to PROT, PROT binds also to the major autophosphorylation sites (Tyr-1131, -1135, and -1136) of the PROT, and (iv) the amino-terminal domain of PROT is required for its association with the PROT and the PROT.
Yes	We propose that (i) the PROT and the PROT share at least in part the same molecular mechanism underlying their interplay with their two substrates, PROT and PROTS-1, and (ii) PROTS-1 interacts with the PROT in a fashion that is different from that used by PROT.
No	Finally, our data highlight the crucial role of the juxtamembrane domain in signaling by both the PROT and the IGF-PROT.
Yes	PROT physically associates with PROT through Src homology 3 domains.
No	In the second of a series of experiments designed to identify PROT-Src homology 3 (SH3)-binding molecules, we report the cloning of PROT (PROT) from an HL60 cDNA expression library.
No	This molecule has been identified as a cDNA encoding the protein product of PROT, which is mutated in Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome patients.
Yes	Studies in vivo and in vitro demonstrated a highly specific interaction between the SH3 domains of PROT and PROT.
No	Furthermore, anti-PROT antibodies recognized a protein of 66 kDa by Western blot (immunoblot) analysis.
No	In vitro translation studies identified the 66-kDa protein as the protein product of PROT, and subcellular fractionation experiments showed that p66PROT is mainly present in the cytosol fraction, although significant amounts are also present in membrane and nuclear fractions.
Yes	The main PROT region implicated in the association with PROT was found to be the carboxy-terminal SH3 domain.
No	Correlation of two-hybrid affinity data with in vitro measurements.
No	Since their introduction, the interaction trap and other two-hybrid systems have been used to study protein-protein interactions.
No	Despite their general use, little is known about the extent to which the degree of protein interaction determined by two-hybrid approaches parallels the degree of interaction determined by biochemical techniques.
No	In this study, we used a set of lexAop-LEU2 and lexAop-lacZ reporters to calibrate the interaction trap.
No	For the calibration, we used two sets of proteins, the PROT-PROT-PROT helix-loop-helix proteins, and wild-type and dimerization-defective versions of the lambda cI repressor.
No	Our results indicate that the strength of interaction as predicted by the two-hybrid approach generally correlates with that determined in vitro, permitting discrimination of high-, intermediate-, and low-affinity interactions, but there was no single reporter for which the amount of gene expression linearly reflected affinity measured in vitro.
No	However, some reporters showed thresholds and only responded to stronger interactions.
No	Finally, some interactions were subject to directionality, and their apparent strength depended on the reporter used.
No	Taken together, our results provide a cautionary framework for interpreting affinities from two-hybrid experiments.
No	Interaction of PROT subunit of PROT with PROT and PROT receptors analysed by using the two-hybrid system.
Yes	Interaction of the PROT subunit of PROT with the PROT receptor (PROT) and the PROT receptor (PROTR) was investigated using the two-hybrid system by assessing for his3 and lacZ activation in S. cerevisiae.
No	The experiments were performed with the cytoplasmic beta domain (wild type or mutated) of PROT and PROT and PROT or its subdomains (N + C-SH2, N-SH2, C-SH2, SH3 + N-SH2).
Yes	The results of his3 activation indicated that PROT, N + C-SH2 and C-SH2 interact with both PROT beta and PROT beta, whereas N-SH2 and SH3 + N-SH2 interact only with PROT beta.
Yes	Interaction of PROT and N+C-SH2 with PROT (PROT) or PROT beta(PROT) in which the C-terminal 43 amino acids (including the YXXM motif) were deleted, persisted.
No	The internal binding site thus revealed was not altered by further mutating Y960/F for PROT or Y950/F for PROT.
Yes	Activation of lacZ upon interaction of PROT with PROT(PROT) was 4-fold less as compared to PROT.
Yes	This activation with PROT and PROT beta was 4-fold less as compared to PROT and was somewhat increased (2-fold) for PROT beta (PROT3).
Yes	Thus, the C-terminal domain in PROT appears to exert a negative control on binding of PROT thereby providing a possible regulatory mechanism for direct activation of the PROT pathway.
Yes	Interaction of the protein PROT with PROT, as revealed by the yeast two-hybrid system.
No	The heterotrimeric G protein, PROT, transduces signals from seven membrane spanning receptors to effectors such as adenylyl cyclase and ion channels.
No	The purpose of this study was to identify these or other cellular proteins that interact with PROT by use of the yeast two-hybrid system.
No	A human B cell cDNA library was screened by this system using full length PROT.
No	Four positive colonies were obtained.
No	Two of the four were identified as PROT, a calcium binding protein and a putative antigen to which anti-nuclear antibodies are generated in mice with a disorder that resembles systemic lupus erythematosus.
No	PROT has a leucine zipper, EF hands, and a signal peptide sequence and is thought to localize to the nucleus as well as being secreted.
Yes	The specificity of intehraction between PROT and PROT was confirmed by an in vitro binding assay using recombinant proteins.
No	Transfection of PROT and PROT in COS cells increased PROT expression relative to cells transfected with PROT and mock vector.
No	Our results indicate that the yeast two-hybrid system provides a means to identify novel proteins that interact with G alpha proteins.
No	PROT appears to represent one of those proteins.
Yes	The mitogenic effects of the PROT are mediated through cell surface PROT.
No	We have previously shown that soluble partially degraded fibrin(ogen) remains in solution after fibrin clot formation and is a potent fibroblast mitogen (Gray, A.J., Bishop, J.E., Reeves J.T., Mecham, R.P., and Laurent, G.J. (1995) Am. J. Cell Mol. Biol. 12, 684-690).
No	Mitogenic sites within the fibrin(ogen) molecule are located on the A alpha and B beta chains of the protein (Gray, A.J., Bishop, J. E., Reeves, J.T., and Laurent, G.J. (1993) J. Cell Sci. 104, 409-413).
No	However, receptor pathways through which mitogenic effects are mediated are unknown.
No	The present study sought to determine the nature of fibrin(ogen) receptors expressed on human fibroblasts which interact with the PROT.
No	Receptor complexes were isolated from 125I-surface-labeled fibroblasts and purified on a PROT affinity column.
No	Subsequent high performance liquid chromatography and SDS-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis analysis indicated PROT bound specifically to a 60-kDa surface protein.
No	Sequence analysis of the amino terminus of this protein indicated 100% homology to human PROT.
No	Immunoprecipitation experiments employing a polyclonal anti-PROT antibody provided further evidence that the 60-kDa protein isolated in this study was PROT.
No	Further, polyclonal antibodies to human PROT significantly inhibited the mitogenic activity of PROT on human fibroblasts.
Yes	The present study has shown that cell surface PROT binds to the PROT mediating its mitogenic activity.
No	Multiple proteins physically interact with PROT. Transcriptional synergy with PROT (C/PROT, PROT).
No	PROT is a transcription factor that belongs to the ets family of DNA binding proteins.
No	In this study, we show by Far Western blot analyses that multiple nuclear proteins are capable of physically interacting with PROT.
No	Using radiolabeled PROT protein as a probe, we screened a B cell cDNA expression library and isolated a number of clones encoding PROT interacting proteins.
No	Three of these clones encode DNA binding proteins (PROT, PROT, and PROT), one clone encodes a chaperone protein, and another clone encodes a multifunctional phosphatase.
Yes	We have characterized the physical and functional interactions between PROT and PROT, a leucine zipper transcription factor implicated in inflammatory responses.
Yes	We found that deletion of the carboxyl-terminal 28 amino acids of PROT disrupted PROT-PROT physical interaction.
No	This deletion disrupts the PROT Ets domain.
No	Deletion of the PROT leucine zipper domain also greatly diminished the interaction between these two proteins.
No	In transient expression assays, we found that PROT and PROT can functionally cooperate to synergistically activate transcription.
No	Electrophoretic mobility shift assays showed that PROT and PROT can simultaneously bind to adjacent DNA binding sites, but apparently do not influence the kinetics or affinity of each other's DNA binding.
No	These results suggest that transcriptional synergy is due to each protein independently influencing the basal transcription complex.
No	Molecular cloning and expression of the 32-kDa subunit of human PROT reveals interactions with PROT and PROT that mediate transcriptional activation.
No	Transcription factor PROT consists of PROT (PROT) and at least eight PROT-associated factors (TAFs).
No	As PROTs are required for activated but not basal transcription, we have proposed that PROTs act as coactivators to mediate signals between activators and the basal transcription machinery.
No	Here we report the cloning, expression, and biochemical characterization of the 32-kDa subunit of human (h) PROT, termed PROT.
No	We find that PROT is the human homologue of Drosophila PROT.
Yes	In vitro protein-protein interaction assays reveal that as observed with Drosophila PROT, PROT interacts with the C-terminal 39-amino acid activation domain of the acidic transactivator PROT (PROT) as well as with the general transcription factor PROT.
No	Moreover, a partial recombinant PROT complex containing PROT was capable of mediating in vitro transcriptional activation by the PROT activation domain.
No	These findings indicate that specific activator-coactivator interactions have been conserved between human and Drosophila and provide additional support for the function of these interactions in mediating transcriptional activation.
No	A potential interaction of PROT and PROT PROT receptors revealed by affinity crosslinking and immunoprecipitation.
Yes	PROT binds independently to two transmembrane receptors, the PROT neurotrophin receptor and the PROT (PROT) tyrosine kinase receptor, which are both co-expressed in the majority of neuronal cells that respond to PROT.
No	Previous findings have suggested that appropriate co-expression of the two receptors gives rise to high affinity PROT binding sites and increased neurotrophin responsiveness; however, evidence demonstrating a direct interaction between the two receptors in cell lines has been lacking.
No	Here we have utilized affinity crosslinking agents with 125I-NGF to detect an association of PROT and PROT receptors in embryonic spinal cord and brain tissues enriched in the two receptors.
No	Although multimeric complexes of PROT and PROT were not detected by affinity crosslinking, immunoprecipitation of cross-linked PROT-receptor complexes with PROT-specific antibodies resulted in selective immunoprecipitation of crosslinked PROT.
No	Our results indicate that the PROT and PROT receptors can potentially interact, and that such an association may be responsible for the generation of high affinity PROT binding sites.
No	Crystal structure of a complex between PROT and its soluble high-affinity receptor.
No	The crystal structure of PROT bound to the extracellular fragment of its high-affinity cell-surface receptor reveals the first view of a class-2 cytokine receptor-ligand complex.
No	In the complex, one PROT homodimer binds two receptor molecules.
No	Unlike the class-1 growth hormone receptor complex, the two PROT receptors do not interact with one another and are separated by 27 A.
No	Upon receptor binding, the flexible AB loop of PROT undergoes a conformational change that includes the formation of a 3(10) helix.
No	Cloning and functional expression of a human eosinophil CC chemokine receptor.
No	Eosinophils undergo chemotaxis, degranulate, and exhibit [C2+]i changes in response to the human CC chemokines macrophage inflammatory protein PROT, regulated on activation, normal T expressed and secreted (PROT), and PROT (PROT), but the receptors involved have not been defined.
No	We have isolated a human cDNA encoding the first eosinophil-selective chemokine receptor, designated PROT (PROT).
No	PROT is a seven-transmembrane domain G protein-coupled receptor most closely related to the previously reported monocyte- and neutrophil-selective receptor PROT (also known as the PROT/PROT receptor).
Yes	When [Ca2+]i changes were monitored in stably transfected human embryonic kidney 293 cells, PROT PROT and PROT were both potent agonists for PROT and PROT.
Yes	However, PROT was also an agonist for PROT but not PROT; PROT was an agonist for PROT but not PROT.
No	PROT may be one of the host factors responsible for selective recruitment of eosinophils to sites of inflammation.
Yes	Mechanism of CDK activation revealed by the structure of a PROT-PROT complex.
Yes	The crystal structure of the human PROT-PROT (PROT)-ATP complex has been determined at 2.3 A resolution.
No	CyclinA binds to one side of PROT's catalytic cleft, inducing large conformational changes in its PSTAIRE helix and T-loop.
No	These changes activate the kinase by realigning active site residues and relieving the steric blockade at the entrance of the catalytic cleft.
No	Receptor protein tyrosine phosphatase PROT associates with cadherins and catenins in vivo.
No	The extracellular segment of the receptor-type type protein tyrosine phosphatase PROT, possesses an MAM domain, an immunoglobulin domain, and four fibronectin type-III repeats.
Yes	It binds homophilically, i.e., PROT on the surface of one cell binds to PROT on an apposing cell, and the binding site lies within the immunoglobulin domain.
No	The intracellular segment of PROT has two PTP domains and a juxtamembrane segment that is homologous to the conserved intracellular domain of the cadherins.
No	In cadherins, this segment interacts with proteins termed catenins to mediate association with the actin cytoskeleton.
Yes	In this article, we demonstrate that PROT associates with a complex containing PROT- and PROT in mink lung (MvLu) cells, and in rat heart, lung, and brain tissues.
No	Greater than 80% of the cadherin in the cell is cleared from Triton X-100 lysates of MvLu cells after immunoprecipitation with antibodies to PROT; however, the complex is dissociated when lysates are prepared in more stringent, SDS-containing RIPA buffer.
Yes	In vitro binding studies demonstrated that the intracellular segment of PROT binds directly to the intracellular domain of PROT, but not to alpha- or PROT.
No	Consistent with their ability to interact in vivo, PROT, cadherins, and catenins all localized to points of cell-cell contact in MvLu cells, as assessed by immunocytochemical staining.
No	After pervanadate treatment of MvLu cells, which inhibits cellular tyrosine phosphatase activity including PROT, the cadherins associated with PROT are now found in a tyrosine-phosphorylated form, indicating that the cadherins may be an endogenous substrate for PROT.
No	These data suggest that PROT may be one of the enzymes that regulates the dynamic tyrosine phosphorylation, and thus function, of the cadherin/catenin complex in vivo.
No	Cloning and characterization of a human type II receptor for bone morphogenetic proteins.
No	Bone morphogenetic proteins (BMPs) are members of the PROT superfamily.
No	Several members of this family have been shown to transduce their signals through binding to type I and type II serine-(threonine) kinase receptors.
No	Here we report the cDNA cloning and characterization of a human type II receptor for BMPs (PROT), which is distantly related to PROT, a PROT from Caenorhabditis elegans.
Yes	In transfected COS-1 cells, PROT/PROT, and less efficiently PROT, bound to PROT.
No	PROT bound ligands only weakly alone, but the binding was facilitated by the presence of previously identified type I receptors for BMPs.
Yes	Binding of PROT/PROT to PROT was also observed in nontransfected cell lines.
Yes	Moreover, a transcriptional activation signal was transduced by PROT in the presence of type I receptors after stimulation by PROT/PROT.
No	14-3-3 proteins associate with PROT phosphatases.
No	The PROT phosphatases play key roles in cell cycle progression by activating cyclin-dependent kinases.
No	Two members of the 14-3-3 protein family have been isolated in a yeast two-hybrid screen designed to identify proteins that interact with the human cdc25A and cdc25B phosphatases.
No	Genes encoding the human homolog of the 14-3-3 epsilon protein and the previously described 14-3-3 beta protein have been isolated in this screening.
No	14-3-3 proteins constitute a family of well-conserved eukaryotic proteins that were originally isolated in mammalian brain preparations and that possess diverse biochemical activities related to signal transduction.
No	We present evidence that indicates that PROT and 14-3-3 proteins physically interact both in vitro and in vivo.
No	14-3-3 protein does not, however, affect the phosphatase activity of cdc25A.
Yes	PROT, which is known to bind 14-3-3 proteins, has recently been shown to associate with PROT and to stimulate its phosphatase activity.
No	14-3-3 protein, however, has no effect on the PROT-kinase activity of PROT.
Yes	Instead, 14-3-3 may facilitate the association of PROT with PROT in vivo, participating in the linkage between mitogenic signaling and the cell cycle machinery.
No	The Cockayne syndrome group A gene encodes a WD repeat protein that interacts with PROT and a subunit of RNA polymerase II TFIIH.
No	The hereditary disease Cockayne syndrome (CS) is characterized by a complex clinical phenotype.
No	CS cells are abnormally sensitive to ultraviolet radiation and are defective in the repair of transcriptionally active genes.
No	The cloned PROT gene encodes a member of a protein family that includes the yeast PROT protein, a component of the transcriptional regulator PROT/PROT.
No	We report the cloning of the PROT cDNA, which can encode a WD repeat protein.
No	Mutations in the cDNA have been identified in CS-A cell lines.
Yes	PROT protein interacts with PROT protein and with PROT protein, a subunit of the human RNA polymerase II transcription factor IIH.
No	These observations suggest that the products of the PROT and PROT genes are involved in transcription.
No	Cloning and expression of human PROT: a TBP-associated factor implicated in cell-cycle regulation.
No	Basal transcription by human RNA polymerase II requires the coordinate action of several ancillary factors (PROT) and can be regulated by various promoter-specific DNA binding proteins.
No	An additional class of factors, called coactivators, are dispensable for basal transcription but are indispensable for regulation by transcriptional activators.
No	Biochemical studies established that some coactivators are associated with the PROT (PROT) to form the PROT complex.
No	We therefore set out to define the relationship between PROT and these PROT-associated factors (TAFs).
No	Here we describe the cloning, expression and properties of the first human TAF, PROT.
No	The PROT gene is identical to a gene, PROT, (ref 7,8), implicated in cell-cycle progression.
Yes	Recombinant PROT binds directly to PROT both in vitro and in yeast, and participates in the formation of the PROT complex.
No	This largest TAF may therefore play a central role in PROT assembly by interacting with both PROT and other TAFs, as well as serving to link the control of transcription to the cell cycle.
Yes	The bZIP domains of PROT and PROT mediate a physical association with the PROT.
Yes	PROT and PROT oncoproteins form a complex that regulates transcription from promoters containing AP-1 binding sites.
No	These two proteins, like other transcriptional activators, are likely to stimulate transcription through direct and/or indirect interactions with members of the basal transcriptional machinery.
Yes	The ability of PROT and PROT proteins to interact directly with the PROT (PROT), the general transcription factor required for initiating the assembly of transcription complexes, was investigated.
Yes	Using co-immunoprecipitation and protein-protein association assays, we show that both PROT and PROT bind specifically and stably to PROT.Mutational analysis demonstrates that both the basic region and leucine zipper domains of PROT and PROT are necessary and sufficient for stable association with PROT.
Yes	A 51-residue region from the conserved C-terminal region of PROT, previously shown to be the binding site for the viral activator protein PROT, interacts with PROT and PROT proteins.
Yes	We propose that PROT and PROT proteins function as transcriptional activators, in part by recruiting PROT to form complexes to initiate RNA synthesis.
Yes	The PROT-susceptibility gene product binds directly to the human PROT-associated factor PROT.
No	PROT, the protein product of the PROT tumor-suppressor gene, regulates the activity of specific transcription factors.
No	This regulation appears to be mediated either directly through interactions with specific transcription factors or through an alternative mechanism.
No	Here we report that stimulation of PROT-mediated transcription by PROT is partially abrogated at the nonpermissive temperature in ts13 cells.
No	These cells contain a temperature-sensitive mutation in the PROT-associated factor PROT, first identified as the cell cycle regulatory protein PROT.
No	The stimulation of PROT-mediated transcription by PROT in ts13 cells at the nonpermissive temperature could be restored by the introduction of wild-type human PROT.
Yes	Furthermore, we demonstrate that PROT binds directly to PROT in vitro and in vivo.
Yes	These results suggest that PROT can confer transcriptional regulation and possibly cell cycle control and tumor suppression through an interaction with PROT, in particular with PROT.
Yes	Cloning and characterization of PROT, PROT and PROT: three subunits of the human transcription factor PROT.
No	We have cloned cDNAs encoding three novel TAFIIs [PROT (PROT)-associated factors] from the human (h) HeLa cell PROT complexes PROT, PROT and PROT. PROT is a core PROT present in both of the previously described hPROT species which either lack or contain PROT30 (hPROT alpha and hPROT beta respectively), and is the homologue of Drosophila (d)PROT. PROT is a novel PROT which shows homology to the N-terminal region of the yeast PROT, but has no known Drosophila counterpart.
No	In contrast to PROT, PROT is a PROT beta-specific PROT. PROT20 is the homologue of PROT, an alternatively spliced form of dPROT (PROT).
No	Using a combination of protein affinity chromatography and cotransfection and immunoprecipitation assays, we have identified a series of in vitro and intracellular interactions among the novel hTAFIIs and between the novel hTAFIIs and PROT or TBP.
Yes	We show that PROT interacts with PROT both in vitro and intracellularly; in contrast to its Drosophila homologue, PROT also interacts directly with PROT.
Yes	Deletion analysis indicates that PROT and PROT bind to distinct domains of PROT. PROT also interacts with PROT, but it interacts more strongly with PROT and PROT.
Yes	The binding of PROT and PROT requires distinct domains of PROT.
Yes	As observed with the homologous Drosophila proteins, PROT interacts directly with PROT; however, additional interactions between PROT and PROT or PROT were detected.
No	These results reveal differences not only in subunit composition, but also in the organization of PROT and PROT complexes.
No	In vivo association of PROT and DP family proteins.
No	The mammalian transcription factor PROT plays an important role in regulating the expression of genes that are required for passage through the cell cycle.
No	This transcriptional activity is inhibited by association with the PROT (PROT) or its relatives PROT and PROT.
No	The first cDNA from the PROT family to be cloned was designated PROT-1, and multiple PROT family members have now been identified.
No	They bind to DNA as heterodimers, interacting with proteins known as DP.
No	Here we demonstrate that DP is also a family of polypeptides with at least two members (PROT and PROT).
No	Both PROT and PROT bind to all PROT family members in vivo, and each complex is capable of activating transcription.
No	However, the various PROT/DP complexes display strong differences in the ability to bind to either PROT or PROT in vivo, and the specificity of PROT or PROT binding is mediated by the PROT subunit.
Yes	Two distinct and independent sites on PROT trigger PROT dimer formation and signalling.
Yes	The helical cytokine PROT and its specific binding subunit PROT form a 1:1 complex which, by promoting homodimerization of the signalling subunit PROT on the surface of target cells, triggers intracellular responses.
No	We expressed differently tagged forms of PROT and used them in solution-phase binding assays to show that the soluble extracellular domains of PROT undergo dimerization in the absence of membranes.
No	In vitro receptor assembly reactions were also performed in the presence of two sets of PROT variants carrying amino acid substitutions in two distinct areas of the cytokine surface (site 2, comprising exposed residues in the A and C helices, and site 3, in the terminal part of the CD loop).
No	The binding affinity to PROT of these variants is normal but their biological activity is poor or absent.
Yes	We demonstrate here that both the site 2 and site 3 PROT variants complexed with PROTR alpha bind a single PROT molecule but are unable to dimerize it, whereas the combined site 2/3 variants lose the ability to interact with PROT.
No	The binding properties of these variants in vitro, and the result of using a neutralizing monoclonal antibody directed against site 3, lead to the conclusion that PROT dimer is formed through direct binding at two independent and differently oriented sites on PROT.
Yes	Immunoprecipitation experiments further reveal that the fully assembled receptor complex is composed of two PROT, two PROTR alpha and two PROT molecules.
No	We propose here a model representing the PROT receptor complex as hexameric, which might be common to other helical cytokines.
Yes	PROT interaction with PROT ties mitogenic signal transduction to cell cycle activation.
No	The PROT and PROT proto-oncogenes transduce extracellular signals that promote cell growth.
No	Cdc25 phosphatases activate the cell division cycle by dephosphorylation of critical threonine and tyrosine residues within the cyclin-dependent kinases.
Yes	We show here that PROT associates with PROT in somatic mammalian cells and in meiotic frog oocytes.
Yes	Furthermore, PROT can be activated in vitro in a PROT-dependent manner.
No	We suggest that activation of the cell cycle by the PROT/PROT pathways might be mediated in part by PROT.
Yes	A direct interaction between PROT subunits and the PROT.
No	PROT is a serine/threonine protein kinase positioned downstream of PROT in the PROT cascade.
Yes	Using a yeast two-hybrid strategy to identify other proteins that interact with and potentially regulate PROT, we isolated a clone encoding the carboxyl-terminal half of the PROT of heterotrimeric G-proteins.
Yes	In vitro, purified PROT subunits specifically bound to a GST fusion protein encoding amino acids 1-330 of PROT (PROT).
No	Binding assays with truncation mutants of GST-PROT indicate that the region located between amino acids 136 and 239 is a primary determinant for interaction with PROT.
Yes	In competition experiments, the carboxyl terminus of PROT (PROT) blocked the binding of PROT to PROT; however, the PROT-binding proteins, PROT and 14-3-3, had no effect.
Yes	Scatchard analysis of in vitro binding between PROT and PROT revealed an affinity of interaction (Kd = 163 +/- 36 nM), similar to that seen between PROT and PROT (Kd = 87 +/- 24 nM).
No	The formation of native heterotrimeric PROT complexes, as measured by pertussis toxin ADP-ribosylation of G alpha, could be disrupted by increasing amounts of PROT, with an EC50 of approximately 200 nM, in close agreement with the estimated binding affinity.
Yes	In vivo complexes of PROT and PROT were isolated from human embryonic kidney 293-T cells transfected with epitope-tagged PROT.
No	The identification and characterization of this novel interaction raises several possibilities for signaling cross-talk between growth factor receptors and those receptors coupled to heterotrimeric G-proteins.
Yes	PROT transcriptional activation mediated by coactivators PROT and PROT.
No	The tumor suppressor protein PROT is a transcriptional regulator that enhances the expression of proteins that control cellular proliferation.
No	The multisubunit PROT (PROT) is thought to be a primary target for site-specific activators of transcription.
Yes	Here, a direct interaction between the activation domain of PROT and two subunits of the PROT complex, PROT and PROT, is reported.
Yes	A double point mutation in the activation domain of PROT impaired the ability of this domain to activate transcription and, simultaneously, its ability to interact with both PROT and PROT.
No	Furthermore, a partial PROT complex containing Drosophila PROT (PROT), human PROT, PROT, and PROT supported activation by a Gal4-p53 fusion protein in vitro, whereas PROT or a subcomplex lacking PROT and PROT did not.
Yes	Together, these results suggest that PROT and PROT are important targets for transmitting activation signals between PROT and the initiation complex.
Yes	Crystal structure of the heterodimeric bZIP transcription factor PROT-PROT bound to DNA.
Yes	The PROT and PROT families of eukaryotic transcription factors heterodimerize to form complexes capable of binding 5'-TGAGTCA-3' DNA elements.
Yes	We have determined the X-ray crystal structure of a heterodimer of the bZIP regions of PROT and PROT bound to DNA.
No	Both subunits form continuous alpha-helices.
No	The carboxy-terminal regions form an asymmetric coiled-coil, and the amino-terminal regions make base-specific contacts with DNA in the major groove.
Yes	Comparison of the two crystallographically distinct protein-DNA complexes show that the coiled-coil is flexibly joined to the basic regions and that the PROT-PROT heterodimer does not recognize the asymmetric 5'-TGAGTCA-3' recognition element in a unique orientation.
No	There is an extensive network of electrostatic interactions between subunits within the coiled-coil, consistent with proposals that these interactions determine preferential formation of the heterodimer over either of the homodimers.
No	Cloning of an intrinsic human PROT subunit that interacts with multiple transcriptional activators.
No	PROT is a multisubunit protein complex comprised of the PROT (PROT) and multiple PROT-associated factors (TAFs).
No	The TAFs in PROT are essential for activator-dependent transcription.
No	The cloning of a complementary DNA encoding a human PROT TAF, PROT, that has no known homolog in Drosophila PROT is now described.
Yes	PROT is shown to interact with the largest subunit (PROT) of human PROT through its central region and with multiple activators--including PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, adenoviral PROT, and human immunodeficiency virus-type 1 PROT proteins--through a distinct amino-terminal domain.
Yes	The PROT-interacting region of PROT was localized to its DNA-binding domain, which is distinct from the glutamine-rich activation domains previously shown to interact with Drosophila PROT.
No	Thus, this human PROT TAF may be a co-activator that mediates a response to multiple activators through a distinct mechanism.
No	Mutagenesis of the regulatory subunit (PROT) of PROT reveals hydrophobic amino acids that are essential for PROT dimerization and/or anchoring PROT to the cytoskeleton.
No	In neurons PROT (PROT) is sequestered in the dendritic cytoskeleton because the regulatory subunit (PROT) of the enzyme is tightly bound by A Kinase Anchor Proteins (AKAPs).
Yes	The prototypic neuronal anchor protein PROT has a COOH-terminal 22-residue PROT binding (tethering) site.
No	A key feature of the tethering site is that several amino acids with large aliphatic side chains mediate the high-affinity binding of PROT.
Yes	Mutagenesis, recombinant protein expression, and physicochemical characterization were used to investigate the structural basis for the homodimerization and PROT binding activities of PROT.
No	Several crucial residues are located in an NH2-terminal region that encompasses amino acids 13-36.
No	Substitution of Ala for Leu13 or Phe36 generates monomeric PROT subunits that cannot bind PROT.
No	The results are not due to general misfolding since mutant PROT monomers bind cAMP and inhibit the catalytic subunit of PROT with the same affinity and efficacy as wild-type PROT dimers.
No	Moreover, substitution of Ala for Leu12, Val20, Leu21, Phe31, Leu33, or Leu39 and replacement of Leu13 with Ile or Val did not impair the dimerization reaction.
Yes	Evidently, large hydrophobic side chains of Leu13 and Phe36 play pivotal roles in stabilizing PROT-PROT interactions.
No	A secondary consequence of destabilizing PROT dimers is the loss of intracellular targeting/anchoring capacity because monomers fail to bind PROT.
Yes	Other NH2-terminal residues directly modulate the affinity of PROT dimers for the PROT tethering site.
Yes	Replacement of Val20-Leu21 with Ala-Ala produced a dimeric PROT protein that binds PROT approximately 4% as avidly as wild-type PROT.
No	It is possible that the aliphatic side chains of Val20 and Leu21 interact with the essential Leu and Ile residues in the PROT tethering region.
Yes	Human spleen tyrosine kinase PROT associates with the Src-family kinase PROT/PROT and a PROT.
No	The 72-kDa spleen tyrosine kinase (PROT) and Src-family kinase PROT/PROT (PROT) contribute to signaling via the B-cell antigen receptor complex.
Yes	Here we show that PROT and PROT from human B lymphocytes can interact directly.
Yes	PROT and PROT coimmunoprecipitated from mature and activated B-cell lines, and gel-purified PROT and PROT reassociated in vitro, demonstrating their direct interaction.
Yes	This PROT-PROT interaction may be dependent on the stage of B-cell differentiation, since PROT-PROT associations were not detected in pre-B and myeloma cell lines and PROT from an immature B-cell line did not reassociate with PROT in vitro.
No	Serine/threonine kinase activity was also associated with PROT.
No	Crosslinking of cell surface IgM led to rapid activation of both tyrosine and serine/threonine protein kinase activities that resulted in phosphorylation in vitro of proteins coprecipitating with PROT--in particular, a serine/threonine phosphorylated protein 120 kDa in size (PROT).
No	Several phosphoproteins, including one of 72 kDa and one of 120 kDa, coprecipitated with PROT (PROT).
Yes	Sequential immunoprecipitation identified the 72-kDa protein associated with PROT as PROT.
Yes	The 120-kDa serine/threonine phosphorylated protein that coprecipitated with PROT resembled the PROT-associated PROT by several criteria.
Yes	Thus, PROT may serve as a link between PROT and PROT, coupling the B-cell antigen receptor to the phosphatidylinositol pathway.
Yes	Cloning and functional analysis of PROT: a novel PROT-binding protein with anti-cell death activity.
Yes	Using a protein interaction cloning technique, we identified cDNAs that encode a novel PROT-binding protein, termed PROT.
No	The PROT protein shares no significant homology with PROT or other PROT family proteins, which can form homo- and heterodimers.
No	In gene transfer experiments using a human lymphoid cell line, Jurkat, coexpression of PROT and PROT provided markedly increased protection from cell death induced by several stimuli, including staurosporine, anti-Fas antibody, and cytolytic T cells, relative to cells that contained gene transfer-mediated elevations in either PROT or PROT protein alone.
No	PROT-transfected 3T3 fibroblasts also exhibited prolonged cell survival in response to an apoptotic stimulus.
No	The findings indicate that bag-1 represents a new type of anti-cell death gene and suggest that some routes of apoptosis induction previously ascribed to PROT-independent pathways may instead reflect a need for the combination of PROT and PROT.
No	PROT binds to an alternatively spliced exon of PROT.
No	PROT, the protein product of the Duchenne muscular dystrophy locus, is a protein of the membrane cytoskeleton that associates with a complex of integral and membrane-associated proteins.
No	Of these, the 58-kD intracellular membrane-associated protein, syntrophin, was recently shown to consist of a family of three related but distinct genes.
No	We expressed the cDNA of human PROT and the COOH terminus of human PROT in reticulocyte lysates using an in vitro transcription/translation system.
No	Using antibodies to PROT we immunoprecipitated these two interacting proteins in a variety of salt and detergent conditions.
Yes	We demonstrate that the 53 amino acids encoded on exon 74 of PROT, an alternatively spliced exon, are necessary and sufficient for interaction with translated PROT in our assay.
No	On the basis of its alternative splicing, PROT may thus be present in two functionally distinct populations.
Yes	In this recombinant expression system, the PROT relatives, human PROT related protein (PROT or PROT) and the PROT from Torpedo electric organ, also bind to translated PROT.
Yes	We have found a COOH-terminal 37-kD fragment of PROT sufficient to interact with translated PROT and its homologues, suggesting that the PROT binding site on PROT occurs on a region that is conserved among the three syntrophin homologues.
Yes	Interaction with PROT subunit of PROT is required for transcriptional activation by PROT.
No	A few general transcription factors, in particular PROT and PROT, have been found to bind transcriptional activators.
No	Here we show that the general transcription factor PROT is also a target for a transcriptional activator, namely PROT (PROT), which binds to the PROT promoter.
Yes	Using a yeast interaction assay, we find that PROT binds the PROT subunit of PROT and that PROT's transcriptional activation domain is the region involved in this binding.
No	Further, PROT's central charged cluster domain is required for binding to PROT's activation domain.
No	Deletion of this domain impairs PROT's ability to support PROT-activated transcription in vitro but has little effect on the protein's basal transcription activity or its ability to support PROT-activated transcription.
Yes	The correlation of PROT-PROT binding with transcriptional activation suggests that PROT is a critical target for PROT-activated transcription.
Yes	Activity of RNA polymerase I transcription factor PROT blocked by PROT gene product.
No	The protein encoded by the PROT (PROT) functions as a tumour suppressor and negative growth regulator.
No	As actively growing cells require the ongoing synthesis of ribosomal RNA, we considered that PROT might interact with the ribosomal DNA transcription apparatus.
Yes	Here we report that (1) there is an accumulation of PROT protein in the nucleoli of differentiated U937 cells which correlates with inhibition of rDNA transcription; (2) addition of PROT to an in vitro transcription system inhibits transcription by RNA polymerase I; (3) this inhibition requires a functional PROT pocket; and (4) PROT specifically inhibits the activity of the RNA polymerase I transcription factor PROT (PROT) in vitro.
Yes	This last observation was confirmed by affinity chromatography and immunoprecipitation, which demonstrated an interaction between PROT and PROT.
No	These results indicate that there is an additional mechanism by which PROT suppresses cell growth, namely that PROT directly represses transcription of the rRNA genes.
No	PROT antagonizes inhibition of liver cell growth by activin by a dominant-negative mechanism.
No	The beta:PROT homodimer and alpha:PROT heterodimer are mutual antagonists which share a common beta subunit.
No	Recently, it has been shown that, similar to PROT, activin is an inhibitor of hepatocyte DNA synthesis.
No	The activin receptor appears to be an obligatory complex of genetically distinct type I and II transmembrane serine/threonine kinases.
No	Activin type I receptors, PROT and PROT, were first cloned from well differentiated human hepatoma cells (HepG2).
No	This prompted us to investigate the binding of activin and inhibin to receptors from HepG2 cells and the effect of the two ligands on DNA synthesis.
Yes	Here we show that beta:PROT binds to the PROT (PROT) which induces activin binding to the type I receptor kinase PROT to form PROT.beta:beta.
No	PROT complexes in which an PROT chain occupies each receptor subunit.
Yes	PROT also binds to PROT through its beta subunit, competes with the binding of activin to PROT, but fails to form the PROT.
No	PROT complex.
No	No specific binding site for inhibin could be demonstrated in HepG2 cells.
No	PROT, which had no activity of its own, antagonized the inhibitory effect of activin on DNA synthesis.
No	The results suggest that inhibin may be a natural antagonist of assembly of the heterodimeric PROT complex through a dominant-negative mechanism.
Yes	The PROT inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinases controls DNA replication by interaction with PROT.
No	The PROT tumour-suppressor protein controls the expression of a gene encoding the PROT cyclin-dependent protein kinase (CDK) regulator.
No	Levels of PROT protein are increased in senescent cells and PROT overexpression blocks the growth of tumour cells.
Yes	In normal human cells, but not in many tumour cells, PROT exists in a quaternary complex with a cyclin, a CDK, and the PROT (PROT).
No	PROT controls CDK activity, thereby affecting cell-cycle control, whereas PROT functions in both DNA replication and repair.
Yes	Here we use simian virus 40 DNA replication in vitro to show than PROT directly inhibits PROT-dependent DNA replication in the absence of a cyclin/CDK.
Yes	Furthermore, PROT blocks the ability of PROT to activate PROT, the principal replicative DNA polymerase.
Yes	This regulation results from a direct interaction between PROT and PROT.
No	Thus, during PROT-mediated suppression of cell proliferation, PROT and PROT may be important for coordinating cell-cycle progression, DNA replication and repair of damaged DNA.
Yes	Nuclear protein PROT is a coactivator for the transcription factor PROT.
No	The transcription factor PROT binds to a DNA element known as the cAMP-regulated enhancer (CRE).
Yes	PROT is activated through phosphorylation by PROT (PROT), but precisely how phosphorylation stimulates PROT function is unknown.
No	One model is that phosphorylation may allow the recruitment of coactivators which then interact with basal transcription factors.
Yes	We have previously identified a nuclear protein of M(r)265K, PROT, that binds specifically to the PROT-phosphorylated form of PROT.
Yes	We have used fluorescence anisotropy measurements to define the equilibrium binding parameters of the PROT:PROT interaction and report here that PROT can activate transcription through a region in its carboxy terminus.
Yes	The activation domain of PROT interacts with the basal transcription factor PROT through a domain that is conserved in the yeast coactivator PROT (ref. 8).
Yes	Consistent with its role as a coactivator, PROT augments the activity of phosphorylated PROT to activate transcription of cAMP-responsive genes.
Yes	Specific binding of the transglutaminase, PROT, to PROT.
No	PROT, the unique mammalian low molecular weight heat shock protein, is prominently phosphorylated upon activation of a wide variety of cells and has a role in thermotolerance, growth events, and regulation of actin cytoskeletal dynamics.
No	In thrombin-stimulated platelets, PROT is rapidly and prominently phosphorylated in a manner highly correlated with platelet secretion.
No	However, the function of PROT and the identity of proteins that interact with PROT remain unknown.
No	To identify specific PROT-protein interactions, a recombinant fusion protein affinity reagent was constructed and used to identify proteins associating with PROT from human platelet lysates and erythroleukemia cells.
No	An 84-kDa protein was found to associate specifically with PROT and was isolated from platelet lysates, resolved on preparative gels, transferred to nitrocellulose, subjected to enzymatic digestion, and microsequenced.
No	A 20-amino acid sequence derived from p84 proved identical to amino acids 484-503 of the transglutaminase, platelet Factor XIII.
Yes	Immunoblotting studies were used to confirm the binding of PROT from fresh platelet lysates to the PROT fusion protein.
Yes	PROT also was shown to coprecipitate with PROT in immunoprecipitation studies and to colocalize with PROT in immunofluorescence studies of intact glass-activated platelets.
Yes	The data thus demonstrate specific binding of platelet PROT to PROT and suggest that PROT may participate in the cellular localization and/or enzymatic regulation of platelet PROT.
Yes	Several hydrophobic amino acids in the PROT amino-terminal domain are required for transcriptional activation, binding to PROT and the adenovirus 5 PROT 55-kD protein.
No	The PROT tumor suppressor gene product is a transcriptional activator that may be associated with its ability to suppress tumor cell growth.
Yes	The acidic amino terminus of the PROT protein has been shown to contain this trans-activation activity as well as the domains for PROT and adenovirus 5 PROT 55-kD protein binding.
No	An extensive genetic analysis of this amino-terminal PROT domain has been undertaken using site-specific mutagenesis.
No	The results demonstrate that the acidic residues in the amino terminus of PROT may contribute to, but are not critical for, this trans-activation activity.
Yes	Rather, the hydrophobic amino acid residues Leu-22 and Trp-23 of human PROT are both required for trans-activation activity, binding to the adenovirus PROT 55-kD protein and the human PROT-PROT protein in vitro.
Yes	In addition, hydrophobic residues Leu-14 and Phe-19 are crucial for the interactions between PROT and human PROT (PROT).
No	Hydrophobic residues Trp-23 and Pro-27 are also important for binding to the adenovirus 5 (Ad5) PROT 55-kD protein in vitro.
No	These mutations have no impact on the ability of the PROT protein to bind to a PROT-specific DNA element.
No	These results suggest that 2-4 critical hydrophobic residues in the amino-terminal domain of the PROT protein interact with the transcriptional machinery of the cell resulting in transcriptional activation.
No	These very same hydrophobic residues contact the PROT and Ad5 PROT 55-kD oncogene products.
No	Type II regulatory subunit (RII) of the cAMP-dependent protein kinase interaction with A-kinase anchor proteins requires isoleucines 3 and 5.
No	Compartmentalization of the PROT is maintained by association of the regulatory subunit (RII) with A-Kinase Anchor Proteins (AKAPs).
Yes	In previous studies (Scott, J. D., Stofko, R. E., McDonald, J. R., Comer, J. D., Vitalis, E. A., and Mangili J. (1990) J. Biol. Chem. 265, 21561-21566) we have shown that dimerization of PROT was required for interaction with the cytoskeletal component PROT.
No	In this report we show that the localization and dimerization domains of PROT are contained within the first thirty residues of each RII protomer.
No	PROT (an amino-terminal deletion mutant lacking residues 1-5) was unable to bind AKAPs but retained the ability to dimerize.
No	PROT I3A,I5A (a mutant where isoleucines 3 and 5 were replaced with alanine) was unable to bind a variety of AKAPs.
No	Mutation of both isoleucines decreased AKAP binding without affecting dimerization, cAMP binding, or the overall secondary structure of the protein.
Yes	Measurement of PROT I3A,I5A interaction with the human PROT, PROT, by two independent methods suggests that mutation of isoleucines 3 and 5 decreases affinity by at least 6-fold.
No	Therefore, we propose that two isoleucine side chains on each RII protomer are principle sites of contact with the conserved amphipathic helix binding domain on AKAPs.
Yes	Characterization of an interaction between PROT and the PROT by using the two-hybrid system.
Yes	PROT (PROT) is a major substrate of the PROT and has been implicated in PROT signaling.
Yes	Although PROT is thought to interact with the PROT receptor, the nature of the interaction has not been defined.
Yes	In this study, we used the two-hybrid assay of protein-protein interaction in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae to study the interaction between human PROT and the PROT receptor.
Yes	We demonstrate that PROT forms a specific complex with the cytoplasmic domain of the PROT when both are expressed as hybrid proteins in yeast cells.
No	We show that the interaction is strictly dependent upon receptor tyrosine kinase activity, since PROT shows no interaction with a kinase-inactive receptor hybrid containing a mutated ATP-binding site.
No	Furthermore, mutation of receptor tyrosine 960 to phenylalanine eliminates PROT interaction in the two-hybrid assay.
No	These data suggest that the interaction between PROT and the receptor is direct and provide evidence that the juxtamembrane domain of the receptor is involved.
No	Furthermore, we show that a 356-amino-acid region encompassed by amino acids 160 through 516 of PROT is sufficient for interaction with the receptor in the two-hybrid assay.
No	Lastly, in agreement with our findings for yeast cells, we show that the PROT is unable to phosphorylate an PROT protein containing a deletion of amino acids 45 to 516 when expressed in COS cells.
No	The two-hybrid assay should provide a facile means by which to pursue a detailed understanding of this interaction.
No	Activation of PROT by 14-3-3 proteins.
Yes	The protein PROT, a key mediator of mitogenesis and differentiation, associates with PROT (refs 1-3).
No	However, the regulation of the serine/threonine kinase activity of PROT is still not understood.
No	Using the yeast two-hybrid system, we identified two structurally related proteins that interact with the aminoterminal region of PROT.
No	These proteins, PROT (PROT) and PROT (PROT), are members of the 14-3-3 family of proteins.
No	Expression of 14-3-3 proteins in Xenopus oocytes enhanced PROT activity and promoted PROT-dependent oocyte maturation.
No	A dominant negative mutant of PROT blocked the effects of 14-3-3 protein.
No	Interactions among members of the PROT protein family analyzed with a yeast two-hybrid system.
Yes	Interactions of the PROT protein with itself and other members of the PROT family, including PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, were explored with a yeast two-hybrid system.
No	Fusion proteins were created by linking PROT family proteins to a LexA DNA-binding domain or a B42 trans-activation domain.
No	Protein-protein interactions were examined by expression of these fusion proteins in Saccharomyces cerevisiae having a lacZ (beta-galactosidase) gene under control of a LexA-dependent operator.
No	This approach gave evidence for PROT protein homodimerization.
Yes	PROT also interacted with PROT and PROT and with the dominant inhibitors PROT and PROT.
No	PROT displayed the same pattern of combinatorial interactions with PROT family proteins as PROT.
No	Use of deletion mutants of PROT suggested that PROT homodimerization involves interactions between two distinct regions within the PROT protein, since a LexA protein containing PROT amino acids 83-218 mediated functional interactions with a B42 fusion protein containing PROT amino acids 1-81 but did not complement a B42 fusion protein containing PROT amino acids 83-218.
No	In contrast to LexA/PROT fusion proteins, expression of a LexA/PROT protein was lethal to yeast.
No	This cytotoxicity could be abrogated by B42 fusion proteins containing PROT, PROT, or PROT but not those containing PROT (an alternatively spliced form of PROT that lacks a well-conserved 63-amino acid region).
Yes	The findings suggest a model whereby PROT and PROT differentially regulate PROT function, and indicate that requirements for PROT/PROT heterodimerization may be different from those for PROT/PROT homodimerization.
No	The rates of commitment to renaturation of PROT and PROT in the presence of the groE chaperonins.
No	Current models of chaperonin-assisted folding suggest that proteins undergo multiple rounds of binding and release before they are released in a form that is committed to folding to the native state.
Yes	Using immunoprecipitation techniques, we have determined the rates at which PROT and PROT (PROT) are released from PROT in a form committed to refold to active enzyme.
Yes	PROT and PROT were chosen as substrates because they exhibit different solution requirements for the chaperonin system and they form stable "folding arrested" complexes with PROT.
No	At various times during the groE-dependent renaturations, PROT was rapidly removed from the renaturation mixture by immunoprecipitation and centrifugation (30 s).
No	The conformers that are committed to the native state remained in the supernatant and were assayed after 1 h.
No	At 25 degrees C, the rate profiles indicate the release and commitment to folding of PROT to its native state occurs far earlier (t1/2 < 1 min) than for PROT (t1/2 = 5 min).
No	In light of previous results, it appears that PROT monomers can attain a groE-independent assembly competent conformation after a brief interaction with the chaperonin.
No	In contrast, the renaturation rate for PROT with the groE chaperonins mirrored the committed renaturation rates following PROT depletion.
Yes	This suggests that PROT must interact with PROT throughout most of its folding reaction before it acquires a folding competent (groE independent) state.
No	If current models of chaperonin mechanism are correct, PROT undergoes more rebinding and release cycles than does PROT.
No	Structurally, the degree of cycling and hence the rate of commitment to folding to the active form are probably dictated by the hydrophobic nature, number, and lifetimes of the folding intermediates that interact with the chaperonins.
Yes	Interaction of PROT and gamma c chains with PROT and PROT: implications for XSCID and XCID.
No	PROT (PROT) signaling requires the dimerization of the PROT receptor beta.(PROTR beta) and common gamma (gamma c) chains.
No	Mutations of gamma c can result in X-linked severe combined immunodeficiency (XSCID).
No	PROT, PROT, PROT (whose receptors are known to contain gamma c), and PROT (whose receptor is shown here to contain gamma c) induced the tyrosine phosphorylation and activation of the Janus family tyrosine kinases PROT and PROT.
Yes	PROT and PROT associated with PROT and gamma c, respectively; PROT induced PROT-PROT and increased PROT-gamma c associations.
No	Truncations of gamma c, and a gamma c, point mutation causing moderate X-linked combined immunodeficiency (XCID), decreased gamma c-PROT association.
No	Thus, gamma c mutations in at least some XSCID and XCID patients prevent normal PROT activation, suggesting that mutations of PROT may result in an XSCID-like phenotype.
No	The X-ray structure of a PROT-PROT receptor complex.
No	The human pituitary hormones, PROT (PROT) and PROT (PROT), regulate a large variety of physiological processes, among which are growth and differentiation of muscle, bone and cartilage cells, and lactation.
No	These activities are initiated by hormone-receptor binding.
Yes	The PROT and PROT receptors (PROTR and PROTR, respectively) are single-pass transmembrane receptors from class 1 of the haematopoietic receptor superfamily.
No	This classification is based on sequence similarity in their extracellular domains, notably a highly conserved pentapeptide, the so-called 'WSXWS box', the function of which is controversial.
No	All ligands in class 1 activate their respective receptors by clustering mechanisms.
Yes	In the case of PROT, activation involves receptor homodimerization in a sequential process: the active ternary complex containing one ligand and two receptor molecules is formed by association of a receptor molecule to an intermediate 1:1 complex. PROT does not bind to the PROT receptor, but PROT binds to both the PROTR and PROTR, and mutagenesis studies have shown that the receptor-binding sites on PROT overlap.
Yes	We present here the crystal structure of the 1:1 complex of PROT bound to the extracellular domain of the PROT.
Yes	Comparisons with the PROT-PROTR complex reveal how PROT can bind to the two distinctly different receptor binding surfaces.
No	Characterization of a novel 23-kilodalton protein of unactive progesterone receptor complexes.
No	Immunoprecipitation of unactivated avian progesterone receptor results in the copurification of PROT, PROT, and three additional proteins, PROT, PROT, and PROT.
No	PROT is also present in immunoaffinity-purified PROT complexes along with PROT and another protein, PROT.
No	Antibody and cDNA probes for PROT were prepared in an effort to elucidate the significance and function of this protein.
No	Antibodies to PROT detect similar levels of PROT in all tissues tested and cross-react with a protein of the same size in mice, rabbits, guinea pigs, humans, and Saccharomyces cerevisiae, indicating that PROT is a conserved protein of broad tissue distribution.
No	These antibodies were used to screen a chicken brain cDNA library, resulting in the isolation of a 468-bp partial cDNA clone encoding a sequence containing four sequences corresponding to peptide fragments isolated from chicken PROT.
No	This partial clone was subsequently used to isolate a full-length human cDNA clone.
No	The human cDNA encodes a protein of 160 amino acids that does not show homology to previously identified proteins.
No	The chicken and human cDNAs are 88% identical at the DNA level and 96.3% identical at the protein level.
No	PROT is a highly acidic phosphoprotein with an aspartic acid-rich carboxy-terminal domain.
No	Bacterially overexpressed human PROT was used to raise several monoclonal antibodies to PROT.
Yes	These antibodies specifically immunoprecipitate PROT in complex with PROT in all tissues tested and can be used to immunoaffinity isolate progesterone receptor complexes from chicken oviduct cytosol.
No	Cloning of the complete coding region for human PROT using the two hybrid system and expression of PROT in E. coli.
No	The yeast two hybrid system has been employed to identify cDNAs encoding proteins which interact with the gamma 1 isoform of human PROT.
No	Here we report the isolation of cDNA encoding human PROT.
No	The deduced human sequence of 205 amino acids shows 92% identity to PROT from rabbit.
No	Human PROT was expressed in E. coli and purified to homogeneity.
No	The expressed human protein inhibited both native and bacterially expressed PP1, with the same Ki (1 nM) as PROT purified from skeletal muscle.
No	A gene or pseudogene for PROT may be present near the major histocompatibility complex on chromosome 6.
No	Expression cloning and characterization of a human PROT receptor.
Yes	cDNA clones encoding a human PROT (hPROT) from a Burkitt lymphoma cell line, BJAB, express a 90 to 110 kDa polypeptide in COS7 cells that binds PROT specifically.
Yes	The predicted amino acid sequence of PROT is 60% identical and 73% similar to mouse PROT (mPROT). rPROT expressed in an PROT-dependent mouse pro-B cell line (Ba/F3) binds PROT with high affinity (200 to 250 pM), and the transfected cells exhibit a proliferative response to PROT.
No	Mouse PROT does not bind to hPROTR, and hPROTR-expressing Ba/F3 cells do not respond to the mouse cytokine, observations consistent with the known species specificity of PROT.
No	Expression of PROT mRNA seems to be restricted mainly to human hemopoietic cells and cell lines.
No	In a number of human T cell clones, expression of PROT mRNA is down-regulated after activation of the cells with anti-PROT Ab and phorbol ester.
No	The PROT gene is on human chromosome 11.
No	Like PROT, PROT is structurally related to PROT.
No	Because PROT inhibits macrophage activation by PROT, this relationship suggests possible shared receptor or signal transduction pathway components.
No	Functional participation of the PROT receptor gamma chain in PROT receptor complexes.
No	The gamma chain of the PROT (PROT) receptor is shared with the functional PROT receptor and is causatively related to X-linked severe combined immunodeficiency (XSCID), which is ascribed to a profound T cell defect.
No	Studies with monoclonal antibodies specific for the PROT receptor gamma chain showed that the gamma chain participates in the functional high-affinity receptor complexes for PROT that are involved in the differentiation of T and B cells.
No	Participation of the gamma subunit in more than one receptor may enable the elucidation of the mechanisms of XSCID development and lymphocyte differentiation.
Yes	PROT: a protein kinase stimulated by UV light and PROT that binds and phosphorylates the PROT activation domain.
No	The ultraviolet (UV) response of mammalian cells is characterized by a rapid and selective increase in gene expression mediated by PROT and PROT.
No	The effect on PROT transcriptional activity results, in part, from enhanced phosphorylation of the PROT NH2-terminal activation domain.
No	Here, we describe the molecular cloning and characterization of PROT, a distant relative of the PROT group that is activated by dual phosphorylation at Thr and Tyr during the UV response.
Yes	Significantly, PROT partially activates PROT and potentiates the activation caused by UV.
Yes	PROT binds to the PROT transactivation domain and phosphorylates it on Ser-63 and Ser-73.
No	Thus, PROT is a component of a novel signal transduction pathway that is activated by oncoproteins and UV irradiation.
No	These properties indicate that PROT activation may play an important role in tumor promotion.
Yes	PROT is a ligand for the PROT receptor protein-tyrosine kinase.
No	A protein ligand for the PROT receptor protein-tyrosine kinase has been isolated by using the extracellular domain (PROT-X) of the receptor as an affinity reagent.
No	Initially, concentrated cell culture supernatants were screened for receptor binding activity using immobilized PROT-X in a surface plasmon resonance detection system.
No	Subsequently, supernatants from selected cell lines were fractionated directly by receptor affinity chromatography, resulting in the single-step purification of PROT, a protein previously identified as the product of an early response gene induced by PROT.
Yes	We report here that recombinant PROT induces autophosphorylation of PROT in intact cells, consistent with PROT being an authentic ligand for PROT.
No	PROT is a member of a large orphan receptor protein-tyrosine kinase family headed by EPH, and we suggest that ligands for other members of this family will be related to PROT, and can be isolated in the same way.
No	A PROT-specific receptor.
No	Tumor necrosis factor (TNF) and PROT (PROT) are members of a family of secreted and cell surface cytokines that participate in the regulation of immune and inflammatory responses.
Yes	The cell surface form of PROT is assembled during biosynthesis as a heteromeric complex with PROT (PROT), a type II transmembrane protein that is another member of the TNF ligand family.
Yes	Secreted PROT is a homotrimer that binds to distinct TNF receptors of 60 and 80 kilodaltons; however, these receptors do not recognize the major cell surface PROT-PROT complex.
No	A receptor specific for human PROT was identified, which suggests that cell surface LT may have functions that are distinct from those of secreted PROT.
No	Cloning of a T cell growth factor that interacts with the beta chain of the PROT.
No	A cytokine was identified that stimulated the proliferation of T lymphocytes, and a complementary DNA clone encoding this new T cell growth factor was isolated.
No	The cytokine, designated PROT (PROT), is produced by a wide variety of cells and tissues and shares many biological properties with PROT.
Yes	Monoclonal antibodies to the beta chain of the PROT receptor inhibited the biological activity of PROT, and PROT competed for binding with PROT, indicating that PROT uses components of the PROT receptor.
Yes	The POU domains of the PROT and PROT transcription factors mediate specific interaction with PROT.
No	We had previously shown that the ubiquitous PROT and the lymphoid-specific PROT transcription factors stimulate transcription at the level of stable preinitiation complex formation.
No	We have therefore investigated whether the octamer binding proteins might physically interact with PROT, the PROT component of the PROT factor.
Yes	By using several different experimental systems we show that PROT efficiently associates with PROT and PROT.
No	The interaction is direct and does not depend on the presence of DNA or additional proteins.
No	N- and C-terminal deletions of the different proteins were used to localize the domains involved in the interaction.
Yes	We show that the POU homeodomain of PROT and the evolutionarily conserved C-terminal core domain of PROT are both required and sufficient for the interaction.
Yes	The PROT POU domain, which is highly homologous to the PROT POU domain, likewise mediates interaction with PROT.
Yes	The interaction can also be observed in vivo, as PROT can be co-precipitated with PROT from co-transfected Cos1 cells and PROT co-immunoprecipitates with the endogenous PROT from HeLa cells.
No	Co-transfection of human PROT and PROT expression vectors into B cells resulted in a synergistic activation of an octamer motif containing promoter.
Yes	Interaction of mammalian splicing factor PROT with PROT and relation of its 60-kD subunit to yeast PROT.
No	In the assembly of a prespliceosome, PROT (snRNP) functions in pre-messenger RNA (mRNA) splicing together with splicing factors (SFs) 3a, PROT, and several other proteins.
No	The 17S but not the 12S form of PROT is active in splicing-complex formation.
No	Here it is shown that the PROT subunits correspond to three of the 17S PROT-specific polypeptides.
Yes	PROT interacts with PROT in the presence of PROT to generate a structure similar to 17S PROT, which suggests a function for PROT and PROT in the incorporation of PROT into the spliceosome.
No	Furthermore, the 60-kilodalton subunit of PROT is related to the yeast splicing protein PROT.
No	PROT. an Ala-->Gly substitution in helix 1 of PROT repeat 17 that severely disrupts the structure and self-association of the erythrocyte spectrin heterodimer.
No	The spectrin tetramer, the principal structural element of the red cell membrane skeleton, is formed by stable head-to-head self-association of two spectrin heterodimers.
Yes	The self-association site appears to be formed by interactions between helices 1 and 2 of PROT repeat 17 of one dimer with helix 3 of PROT repeat 1 of the other dimer to form two combined alpha-beta triple-helical segments.
No	The head of the heterodimer appears to involve similar intradimer interactions.
No	We describe the first example of an amino acid substitution in helix 1 of this combined alpha-beta triple-helical segment, which, although relatively minor, profoundly impairs tetramer formation.
No	Strikingly, low angle rotary shadowing electron microscopy of isolated spectrin dimers reveals that this mutation also severely disrupts the head of the heterodimer causing it to be open.
No	Following linkage studies which were most consistent with a PROT gene mutation, a nucleotide change was identified in codon 2018, resulting in an Ala-->Gly substitution in the first helical domain of PROT repeat 17.
No	Because glycine is a strong helix breaker, this change is predicted to disrupt the conformation of this helical domain.
No	Our results indicate that this helical domain must play direct roles in the alpha-beta interdimer interactions that form the self-association site of the tetramer and in the alpha-beta intradimer interactions at the head of the heterodimer.
Yes	PROT, a human G1 and S phase protein phosphatase that associates with PROT.
No	We used the interaction trap, a yeast genetic selection for interacting proteins, to isolate human PROT (PROT).
Yes	In yeast, PROT interacts with cyclin-dependent kinases, including human PROT, PROT, and PROT, but not with PROT.
Yes	In HeLa cells, PROT is expressed at the G1 to S transition, and the protein forms stable complexes with PROT.
No	PROT bears weak sequence similarity to known tyrosine and dual specificity phosphatases.
No	In vitro, PROT removes phosphate from tyrosine residues in model substrates, but a mutant protein that bears a lesion in the putative active site cysteine does not.
No	Overexpression of wild-type PROT delays progression through the cell cycle in yeast and HeLa cells; delay is dependent on PROT phosphatase activity.
No	These experiments identify PROT as a novel type of protein phosphatase that forms complexes with cyclin-dependent kinases.
No	The PROT Cdk-interacting protein PROT is a potent inhibitor of G1 cyclin-dependent kinases.
No	The cyclin-dependent kinase PROT associates with PROT, D, and E and has been implicated in the control of the G1 to S phase transition in mammals.
No	To identify potential PROT regulators, we have employed an improved two-hybrid system to isolate human genes encoding Cdk-interacting proteins (Cips).
No	PROT encodes a novel 21 kd protein that is found in PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT immunoprecipitates.
Yes	PROT is a potent, tight-binding inhibitor of Cdks and can inhibit the phosphorylation of PROT by PROT-PROT, PROT-PROT, PROT-PROT, and PROT-PROT complexes.
No	Cotransfection experiments indicate that PROT and PROT function in a mutually antagonistic manner to control cell cycle progression.
Yes	Evidence for physical interaction between the zinc-finger transcription factors PROT and PROT.
No	Two promoter elements are important for basal-level transcription, the TATA motif typically located 30 nucleotides upstream of the transcription initiation site and the initiator (Inr) element encompassing the start site.
No	The mechanism of how Inr elements work is poorly understood, partly because very few proteins that bind to Inr elements have been identified and isolated.
No	The recently cloned PROT is such an PROT.
No	PROT is able to direct transcription upon binding to its recognition sequence in vitro.
No	The ability of PROT to initiate transcription is augmented by the presence of a TATA motif or binding sites for transcription factor PROT.
No	To study the mechanism underlying the apparent functional cooperation between PROT and PROT, we explored the possibility of protein-protein interactions between these two transcription factors.
Yes	We found that PROT and PROT can form a physical complex.
Yes	In addition, we identified domains within PROT and PROT that mediate their interactions with each other.
Yes	The physical interaction between PROT and PROT may thus form the basis for the functional interplay observed previously.
No	Involvement of PROT signal transducer PROT in PROT-mediated signal transduction.
No	PROT is a novel cytokine with a variety of biofunctions which overlap with those of PROT.
No	We have previously identified PROT specific binding protein which is distinct from that of PROT in a number of cell lines.
No	The similarities in biofunctions and differences in ligand binding proteins between PROT and PROT prompted us to investigate whether PROT shares common signal transduction mechanisms with PROT.
No	We have examined early signals triggered by PROT or PROT in a multifactor-dependent human erythroleukemic cell line, TF-1.
Yes	The results showed that PROT and PROT can both stimulate cell proliferation, induce similar pattern of protein tyrosine phosphorylation, and activate the same proto-oncogene (PROT) expression in TF-1 cells.
No	These findings imply that PROT and PROT share similar early signaling events with the possibility of using the same signal transducer, PROT.
No	We next tested whether PROT induced signaling can be inhibited by anti-PROT antibodies which blocked PROT-mediated functions.
No	It was observed that anti-PROT antibodies abolished cell proliferation, protein tyrosine phosphorylation, and PROT gene expression elicited by PROT or PROT in TF-1 cells.
No	The same antibodies, however, had no effect on granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor or erythropoietin-induced TF-1 cell proliferation.
No	Finally, anti-PROT antibody inhibited the ability of PROT, but not PROT, to transduce early signals in TF-1 cells.
No	These results demonstrate that PROT and PROT utilize different ligand binding proteins, but share common signal transducer, PROT, in TF-1 cells.
Yes	The PROT associates with the PROT catalytic subunit.
No	The PROT (PROT) interacts with many cellular proteins in complexes potentially important for its growth-suppressing function.
No	We have developed and used an improved version of the yeast two-hybrid system to isolate human cDNAs encoding proteins able to bind PROT.
No	One clone encodes a novel PROT catalytic subunit (PROT), which differs from the originally defined PROT by an amino-terminal 11-amino-acid insert.
Yes	In vitro-binding assays demonstrated that PROT isoforms preferentially bind the hypophosphorylated form of PROT.
Yes	Moreover, similar PROT sequences are required for binding PROT and PROT.
No	Cell cycle synchrony experiments revealed that this association occurs from mitosis to early G1.
No	The implications of these findings on the regulation of both proteins are discussed.
No	Crystal structure of the soluble human 55 kd TNF receptor-human PROT complex: implications for TNF receptor activation.
No	The X-ray crystal structure of the complex of the extracellular domain of the human 55 kd tumor necrosis factor (TNF) receptor with human PROT has been determined at 2.85 A resolution.
No	The complex has three receptor molecules bound symmetrically to one PROT trimer.
No	The receptor fragment, a very elongated end to end assembly of four similar folding domains, binds in the groove between two adjacent PROT subunits.
No	The structure of the complex defines the orientation of the ligand with respect to the cell membrane and provides a model for TNF receptor activation.
No	The novel fold of the TNF receptor structure is likely to be representative of the PROT (PROT)/TNF receptor family as a whole.
No	Characterization of a novel high affinity human PROT receptor. Expression on T cells and association with PROT driven proliferation.
No	Although both unstimulated and activated human T cells express high affinity PROT, only activated T cells can proliferate to IL-7.
No	This responsiveness may occur as a direct result of changes in the structure of the PROT during T-cell activation.
No	We have previously demonstrated such changes by affinity cross-linking studies, and have shown that unstimulated human T cells express a single PROT of 90 kDa, whereas activated T cells express an additional 76-kDa PROT binding protein.
No	In this study the origin and function of the PROT and PROT molecules have been investigated.
No	To determine the role of each of these receptors in PROT driven proliferation, PROTR expression and proliferative capacity were monitored during mitogenic stimulation.
No	These analyses showed that the ability of PBMC to proliferate to PROT correlated with expression of the PROT PROTR, and not with expression of the PROT PROTR.
No	PROT-driven proliferation is mediated via high affinity PROTR, and accordingly, Scatchard analysis revealed that, like the PROT PROTR, the PROT PROTR bound PROT with dual (high; Kd 38 pM and low; Kd 360 pM) affinity.
No	Deglycosylation studies showed that the PROT and PROT PROT are not simply differently glycosylated isoforms of a single receptor.
No	In agreement, mAb to the previously cloned PROT were found to stain unstimulated T cells that express only the PROT PROT but not T-cell clones that express predominantly the PROT PROT.
No	These antibodies also immunoprecipitated the cloned PROT as a 90-kDa species from both 125-I-surface-labeled resting and activated T cells, but were unable to precipitate the 76-kDa PROT.
No	In addition, PCR analysis of PROT-expressing cells could not detect splicing of the extracellular domain of the cloned PROT, thereby excluding the possibility that the PROT PROT is a previously undescribed splice variant of the cloned PROT.
No	These data demonstrate that the PROT PROT is the T-cell homologue of the cloned PROT, and imply that the PROT and PROT PROT have different extracellular domains.
No	Taken together these data suggest that the 76-kDa receptor is a novel high affinity PROT that may be necessary for PROT driven proliferation in human T cells.
Yes	Characterization of the PROT binding proteins PROT and PROT.
No	The PROT gene product, PROT, regulates cell proliferation by binding to and inhibiting the activity of key growth promoting proteins.
No	Several cellular proteins have been shown to bind directly to PROT and the genes encoding a number of them have been isolated.
No	The protein product of one of these genes is the transcription factor PROT.
Yes	We have now isolated cDNA clones that contain the full-length coding sequence of two other proteins, PROT and PROT, cloned originally by their interaction with PROT.
No	The products of the PROT and PROT genes are ubiquitously expressed, large (200 kDa for PROT and 195 kDa for PROT) nuclear phosphoproteins with structural motifs that suggest a role in transcriptional regulation.
Yes	In addition we have been able to identify complexes of PROT and PROT in vivo that are dissociated in the presence of purified human papillomavirus PROT protein.
Yes	Two potentially oncogenic cyclins, PROT and PROT, share common properties of subunit configuration, tyrosine phosphorylation and physical association with the PROT protein.
No	.Originally identified as a 'mitotic cyclin', PROT exhibits properties of growth factor sensitivity, susceptibility to viral subversion and association with a tumor-suppressor protein, properties which are indicative of an PROT (PROT) as well as a candidate proto-oncogene.
No	Other recent studies have identified human PROT (PROT) as a putative G1 cyclin and candidate proto-oncogene.
No	However, the specific enzymatic activities and, hence, the precise biochemical mechanisms through which cyclins function to govern cell cycle progression remain unresolved.
No	In the present study we have investigated the coordinate interactions between these two potentially oncogenic cyclins, cyclin-dependent protein kinase subunits (cdks) and the PROT tumor-suppressor protein.
No	The distribution of PROT isoforms was modulated by serum factors in primary fetal rat lung epithelial cells.
Yes	Moreover, PROT was found to be phosphorylated on tyrosine residues in vivo and, like PROT, was readily phosphorylated by PROT in vitro.
Yes	In synchronized human osteosarcoma cells, PROT is induced in early G1 and becomes associated with PROT, a Cdk-binding subunit.
Yes	Immunoprecipitation experiments with human osteosarcoma cells and Ewing's sarcoma cells demonstrated that PROT is associated with both PROT and PROT, and that PROT immune complexes exhibit appreciable histone H1 kinase activity.
No	Immobilized, recombinant cyclins A and D1 were found to associate with cellular proteins in complexes that contain the PROT protein.
No	This study identifies several common aspects of cyclin biochemistry, including tyrosine phosphorylation and the potential to interact directly or indirectly with the PROT protein, that may ultimately relate membrane-mediated signaling events to the regulation of gene expression.
Yes	The SH2/SH3 domain-containing protein PROT interacts with tyrosine-phosphorylated PROT and PROT: implications for insulin control of PROT signalling.
No	PROT, a small protein comprising one SH2 domain and two SH3 domains, represents the human homologue of the Caenorhabditis elegans protein, PROT.
No	Both PROT and PROT have been implicated in a highly conserved mechanism that regulates PROT signalling by receptor tyrosine kinases.
No	In this report we show that in response to PROT, PROT forms a stable complex with two tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins.
No	One protein is the major insulin receptor substrate PROT and the second is the SH2 domain-containing oncogenic protein, PROT.
Yes	The interactions between PROT and these two proteins require ligand activation of the PROT and are mediated by the binding of the SH2 domain of PROT to phosphotyrosines on both PROT and PROT.
Yes	Although PROT associates with PROT and PROT, it is not tyrosine-phosphorylated after PROT stimulation, implying that PROT is not a substrate for the PROT receptor.
Yes	Furthermore, we have identified a short sequence motif (YV/IN) present in PROT, PROT and PROT, which specifically binds the SH2 domain of PROT with high affinity.
Yes	Interestingly, both PROT and PROT can simultaneously bind distinct tyrosine phosphorylated regions on the same PROT molecule, suggesting a mechanism whereby PROT could provide the core for a large signalling complex.
Yes	We propose a model whereby insulin stimulation leads to formation of multiple protein--protein interactions between PROT and the two targets PROT and PROT.
No	These interactions may play a crucial role in activation of PROT and the control of downstream effector molecules.
Yes	Regulation of the PROT-related transcription factor PROT by binding to the PROT protein.
No	The PROT gene product (PROT) is a nuclear phosphoprotein that regulates cell cycle progression.
No	PROT is a lymphoid-specific PROT transcription factor that regulates inducible gene expression during T cell activation.
Yes	In this report, it is demonstrated that PROT contains a sequence motif that is highly related to the PROT binding sites of several viral oncoproteins and binds to the pocket region of PROT both in vitro and in vivo.
No	PROT binds exclusively to the underphosphorylated form of PROT and fails to bind to PROT mutants derived from patients with retinoblastoma.
Yes	Co-immunoprecipitation experiments demonstrated an association between PROT and PROT in resting normal human T cells.
No	After T cell activation, the phosphorylation of PROT results in the release of PROT, which is correlated temporally with the activation of PROT-mediated transcription.
No	Overexpression of a phosphorylation-defective form of PROT inhibited PROT-dependent transcription during T cell activation.
No	These results demonstrate that PROT interacts specifically with a lineage-restricted PROT transcription factor.
No	This regulated interaction may be important for the coordination of lineage-specific effector functions such as lymphokine production with cell cycle progression in activated T cells.
No	Cloning of two proximal sequence element-binding transcription factor subunits (gamma and delta) that are required for transcription of small nuclear RNA genes by RNA polymerases II and III and interact with the PROT.
No	The PROT (PROT) specifically recognizes the PSEs of both RNA polymerase II- and RNA polymerase III-transcribed small nuclear RNA (snRNA) genes.
No	We previously have shown that PROT purified from human HeLa cells is a multisubunit complex of four polypeptides designated PROT alpha, -beta, -gamma, and -delta.
No	We now report the isolation and expression of cDNAs encoding PROT gamma and PROT delta, as well as functional studies with cognate antibodies that recognize the native PROT complex in HeLa extracts.
No	Immunoprecipitation studies confirm that the four PROT subunits originally found to copurify during conventional chromatography indeed form a tightly associated complex; they further show that the PROT so defined, including the gamma and delta subunits specifically, is essential for transcription of both class II and class III snRNA genes.
No	Immunoprecipitation assays also show a weak substoichiometric association of the PROT (PROT) with PROT, consistent with the previous report of a PROT-related complex (PROT) containing substoichiometric levels of PROT and a component (PROT43) identical in sequence to the PROT gamma reported here.
No	Glutathione S-transferase pulldown assays further indicate relatively strong direct interactions of both recombinant PROT gamma and PROT delta with PROT, consistent either with the natural association of PROT with PROT in a semistable PROT-PROT-associated factor complex or with possible functional interactions between PSE-bound PROT and TATA-bound PROT during promoter activation.
No	In addition, we show that in extracts depleted of PROT and PROT-associated factors, transcription from the U1 promoter is restored by recombinant PROT but not by PROT or PROT, indicating that transcription of class II snRNA genes requires a PROT complex different from the one used for mRNA-encoding genes.
Yes	PROT-PROT and PROT-PROT interactions define two distinct PROT signal transduction pathways.
No	Tumor necrosis factor (TNF) can induce apoptosis and activate PROT through signaling cascades emanating from PROT (PROT).
No	PROT is a PROT-associated signal transducer that is involved in activating both pathways.
Yes	Here we show that PROT directly interacts with PROT and PROT, signal transducers that activate PROT and induce apoptosis, respectively.
No	A PROT mutant lacking its N-terminal RING finger domain is a dominant-negative inhibitor of TNF-mediated PROT activation, but does not affect TNF-induced apoptosis.
No	Conversely, a PROT mutant lacking its N-terminal 79 amino acids is a dominant-negative inhibitor of TNF-induced apoptosis, but does not inhibit PROT activation.
No	Thus, these two PROT-PROT signaling cascades appear to bifurcate at PROT.
Yes	Characterization of PROT binding to human PROT on T cells and its biologic role in immune response.
Yes	PROT, a T cell activation Ag, also known as PROT,is directly associated with PROT (PROT) on the surface of T cells and T cell lines.
Yes	In the present study, we examined both the binding of PROT and PROT and the functional consequences of this interaction.
Yes	We found that PROT was associated with PROT on T cell lines lacking either PROT or PROT enzymatic activity, indicating that the association between PROT and PROT did not require enzymatic activity.
No	Moreover, using immunoelectron microscopy, we demonstrated that PROT and PROT co-localized on the cell surface, but not inside cells, suggesting that PROT did not transport PROT to the surface.
No	In keeping with this observation, we showed that human PROT-transfected murine pre-B cell lines lacking human PROT acquired PROT from an extracellular source.
No	More importantly, adenosine in the absence of cell surface PROT inhibited T cell proliferation and PROT production induced by various stimuli.
No	On the other hand, cells expressing PROT and PROT on the surface were much more resistant to the inhibitory effect of adenosine.
Yes	These data suggest that PROT on the cell surface is involved in an important immunoregulatory mechanism by which released PROT binds to cell surface PROT, and this complex is capable of reducing the local concentration of adenosine.
No	The three human syntrophin genes are expressed in diverse tissues, have distinct chromosomal locations, and each bind to PROT and its relatives.
No	The syntrophins are a biochemically heterogeneous group of 58-kDa intracellular membrane-associated PROT-binding proteins.
No	We have cloned and characterized human PROT and a second isoform of human PROT.
No	Comparison of the deduced amino acid structure of the three human isoforms of syntrophin (together with the previously reported human PROT) demonstrates their overall similarity.
No	The deduced amino acid sequences of human alpha 1- and PROT are nearly identical to their homologues in mouse, suggesting a strong functional conservation among the individual isoforms, Much like PROT, human PROT has multiple transcript classes and is expressed widely, although in a distinct pattern of relative abundance.
No	In contrast, human PROT is most abundant in heart and skeletal muscle, and less so in other tissues.
No	Somatic cell hybrids and fluorescent in situ hybridization were both used to determine their chromosomal locations: PROT to chromosome 16q22-23 and PROT to chromosome 20q11.2.
Yes	Finally, we used in vitro translated proteins in an immunoprecipitation assay to show that, like PROT, both beta 2- and PROT interact with peptides encoding the syntrophin-binding region of PROT, PROT/PROT related protein, and the PROT.
No	A histone octamer-like structure within PROT.
No	The general transcription factor PROT nucleates initiation complex formation through direct core promoter binding, commits promoters within chromatin to transcription, and mediates the action of transcriptional activators, a phenomenon that may correlate with enhanced PROT recruitment or conformational changes in PROT-promoter complexes.
No	Molecular studies of the multiprotein PROT complex have identified a primary PROT (PROT), PROT-associated factors (TAFs) that interact with and mediate the function of activators and intersubunit interactions but have yielded relatively little insight into the structural organization of the complex or the actual mechanism of transcriptional activation.
No	Here we present biochemical evidence for the structural relevance of histone homologies in the human PROT subunits PROT, PROT and PROT.
No	Together with analyses of native PROT complexes and accompanying crystallographic studies, the results suggest that there is a histone octamer-like TAF complex within PROT.
Yes	PROT: a kinase associated with the PROT.
Yes	The pleiotropic biological activities of PROT (PROT) are mediated by its type I receptor (PROTRI).
No	When the ligand binds, PROT initiates a signaling cascade that results in the activation of the transcription regulator PROT (PROT).
No	A protein kinase designated PROT (PROT receptor-associated kinase) was purified, and its complementary DNA was molecularly cloned.
Yes	When human embryonic kidney cells (cell line 293) over-expressing PROT or HeLa cells were exposed to PROT, PROT rapidly associated with the PROT complex and was phosphorylated.
No	The primary amino acid sequence of PROT shares similarity with that of pelle,a protein kinase that is essential for the activation of a PROT homolog in Drosophila.
No	Coordination of three signaling enzymes by PROT, a mammalian scaffold protein.
No	Multivalent binding proteins, such as the yeast scaffold protein PROT, coordinate the location of kinases by serving as platforms for the assembly of signaling units.
No	Similarly, in mammalian cells the cyclic adenosine 3',5'-monophosphate-dependent protein kinase (PROT) and PROT [PROT (PROT)] are complexed by an PROT, PROT.
No	Deletion analysis and binding studies demonstrate that a third enzyme, PROT (PROT), binds PROT at a site distinct from those bound by PROT or PROT.
No	The subcellular distributions of PROT and PROT were similar in neurons.
No	Thus, PROT appears to function as a scaffold protein for three multifunctional enzymes.
No	TNF-dependent recruitment of the protein kinase PROT to the PROT signaling complex.
Yes	The death domain of PROT (PROT) triggers distinct signaling pathways leading to apoptosis and PROT activation through its interaction with the death domain protein PROT.
Yes	Here, we show that PROT interacts strongly with PROT, another death domain protein that was shown previously to associate with PROT antigen.
No	We also show that PROT is a serine-threonine kinase that is recruited by PROT to PROT in a TNF-dependent process.
No	Overexpression of the intact PROT protein induces both PROT activation and apoptosis.
No	However, expression of the death domain of PROT Induces apoptosis, but potently inhibits PROT activation by TNF.
No	These results suggest that distinct domains of PROT participate in the TNF signaling cascades leading to apoptosis and PROT activation.
No	Characterization of the PROT-syntrophin interaction using the two-hybrid system in yeast.
Yes	The carboxy-terminal region of PROT has previously been shown to interact directly with PROT, a cytoplasmic component of the PROT-glycoprotein complex, by in vitro biochemical studies such as overlay assay or immunoprecipitation.
No	Using the two-hybrid system, we have isolated from a human heart cDNA library the entire coding sequence of human PROT, therefore confirming for the first time this interaction via an in vivo approach.
No	In addition, we have reduced the interaction domain to the distal half of PROT.
No	Identification of vascular endothelial growth factor determinants for binding PROT and PROT receptors. Generation of receptor-selective PROT variants by site-directed mutagenesis.
No	PROT (PROT) expression in various cell types is induced by hypoxia and other stimuli.
No	PROT mediates endothelial cell proliferation, angiogenesis, vascular growth, and vascular permeability via the endothelial cell receptors, PROT (PROT)/PROT (PROT) and PROT.
No	Alanine-scanning mutagenesis was used to identify a positively charged surface in PROT that mediates binding to PROT/PROT.
No	Arg82, Lys84 and His86, located in a hairpin loop, were found to be critical for binding PROT/PROT, while negatively charged residues, Asp63, Glu64, and Glu67, were associated with PROT binding.
No	A PROT model based on PROT indicated these positively and negatively charged regions are distal in the monomer but are spatially close in the dimer.
No	Mutations within the PROT site had minimal effect on PROT binding, and mutants deficient in PROT binding did not affect PROT binding.
No	Endothelial cell mitogenesis was abolished in mutants lacking PROT affinity; however, PROT deficient mutants induced normal proliferation.
No	These results suggest dual sets of determinants in the PROT dimer that cross-link cell surface receptors, triggering endothelial cell growth and angiogenesis.
No	Furthermore, this mutational analysis implicates PROT, but not PROT, in PROT induction of endothelial cell proliferation.
Yes	Use of the two hybrid system to detect the association of the protein-tyrosine-phosphatase, PROT, with another SH2-containing protein, PROT.
No	PROT is a ubiquitously-expressed SH2-containing tyrosine phosphatase that is tyrosine phosphorylated in response to activation of various receptor and nonreceptor tyrosine kinases.
Yes	PROT associates with the PROT (PROT) receptor after ligand stimulation, and binding of PROT to this receptor promotes tyrosine phosphorylation of PROT.
No	The yeast two-hybrid system was modified to identify partners of tyrosine-phosphorylated proteins.
Yes	Using PROT as bait and supplying an exogenous tyrosine kinase gene to the yeast cells, we have found that PROT interacts with another signaling protein, PROT.
No	We have localized the region of interaction to tyrosine 580 in the carboxyl end of PROT and to the SH2 domain in the carboxy-terminus of PROT.
Yes	We demonstrate that PROT binds to PROT in vitro under conditions where the latter is tyrosine-phosphorylated.
No	These experiments show that this modified two hybrid technique may be useful for the identification of proteins involved in tyrosine kinase signal transduction cascades.
No	Modulation of the transcriptional activity of thyroid hormone receptors by the tumor suppressor PROT.
No	Thyroid hormone nuclear receptors (TRs) are ligand-dependent transcriptional factors that regulate growth, differentiation, and development.
No	The molecular mechanisms by which TRs mediate these effects are unclear.
No	One prevailing hypothesis suggests that TRs may cooperate with other transcriptional factors to mediate their biological effects.
No	In this study, we tested this hypothesis by examining whether the activity of TRs is modulated by the tumor suppressor PROT.
No	PROT is a nuclear protein that regulates gene expression via sequence-specific DNA binding and/or direct protein-protein interaction.
Yes	We found that the human PROT (PROT) physically interacted with PROT via its DNA binding domain.
Yes	As a result of this physical interaction, binding of PROT to its hormone response elements either as homodimer or as a heterodimer with the PROT was inhibited by PROT in a concentration-dependent manner.
Yes	In transfected cells, wild-type PROT repressed the hormone-dependent transcriptional activation of PROT.
No	In contrast, mutant PROT either had no effect or activated the transcriptional activity of PROT depending on the type of hormone response elements.
No	These results indicate the gene regulating activity of TRs was modulated by PROT, suggesting that the cross talk between these two transcriptional factors may play an important role in the biology of normal and cancer cells.
No	Enhanced degradation of PROT receptors by a sorting PROT, PROT.
No	The vectorial movement of proteins requires specific recognition by components of the vesicular trafficking machinery.
Yes	A protein, PROT (PROT), was identified in a human cell line that bound to a region of the PROT (PROT) containing the lysosomal targeting code.
No	PROT contains a region of homology to a yeast vacuolar sorting protein, and overexpression of PROT decreased the amount of PROT on the cell surface as a result of enhanced rates of constitutive and ligand-induced degradation.
No	Thus, PROT is likely to play a role in sorting PROT to lysosomes.
No	The splicing factor PROT mediates critical protein-protein interactions in constitutive and enhancer-dependent splicing.
Yes	The splicing factor U2AF (U2 snRNP auxiliary factor) is a heterodimer with subunits of 65 and 35 kD (PROT and PROT).
No	PROT binds specifically to 3' splice sites, but previous studies failed to demonstrate a function for PROT.
No	Here, we report that PROT is required for constitutive splicing and also functions as a mediator of enhancer-dependent splicing.
No	Nuclear extracts deficient in PROT were inactive; however, both constitutive and enhancer-dependent splicing could be restored by the addition of purified recombinant PROT.
No	In vitro protein-RNA interaction studies with pre-mRNAs containing either a constitutive or regulated splicing enhancer revealed that PROT directly mediates interactions between PROT and proteins bound to the enhancers.
No	Thus, PROT functions as a bridge between PROT and the enhancer complex to recruit PROT to the adjacent intron.
Yes	Interactions involving the human RNA polymerase II transcription/nucleotide excision repair complex PROT, the nucleotide excision repair protein PROT, and Cockayne syndrome group B (PROT) protein.
No	The human basal transcription factor PROT plays a central role in two distinct processes.
No	PROT is an obligatory component of the RNA polymerase II (RNAP II) transcription initiation complex.
No	Additionally, it is believed to be the core structure around which some if not all the components of the nucleotide excision repair (NER) machinery assemble to constitute a nucleotide excision repairosome.
No	At least two of the subunits of PROT (PROT and PROT proteins) are implicated in the disease xeroderma pigmentosum (XP).
No	We have exploited the availability of the cloned PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT genes (all of which encode polypeptide subunits of PROT) to examine interactions between in vitro-translated polypeptides by co-immunoprecipitation.
No	Additionally we have examined interactions between PROT components, the human NER protein PROT, and the PROT protein which is implicated in Cockayne syndrome (CS).
Yes	Our analyses demonstrate that the PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT proteins interact with each other.
Yes	PROT protein interacts with multiple subunits of PROT and with PROT protein.
No	Characterization of the receptor binding sites of human PROT and creation of antagonists.
Yes	Residues in human PROT (PROT) crucial for binding to both the human PROT (R) and PROT were identified by analysis of alanine scanning mutants of PROT in assays for both receptor binding and bioactivity.
Yes	The region of PROT most important for binding to the PROT-R is composed of residues from the amino terminus of the D-helix, carboxyl terminus of the B-helix, and C-D loop.
No	This site forms a distinct surface at the end of the four-helix bundle in the tertiary structure of the closely related murine PROT.
Yes	The two residues of PROT that contribute the majority of free energy for PROT-R binding, Phe-156 and Lys-159 are surrounded by other residues which have only a moderate impact.
No	This arrangement of a few key residues surrounded by less important ones is analogous to the functional binding epitope of PROT for its receptor.
Yes	A second region of PROT that includes residues from the carboxyl terminus of the D-helix and A-B loop also had a weak influence on PROT-R binding.
Yes	Residues in PROT from both the A- and C-helices are involved in binding the PROT co-receptor.
Yes	Abolition of the PROT binding site in PROT created antagonists of PROT action.
Yes	The PROT glucose transporter interacts with PROT and PROT.
No	PROT is an integral membrane protein that acts as a chaperone during glycoprotein folding in the endoplasmic reticulum.
No	Cross-linking studies were carried out with the aim of investigating the interactions of PROT with glycoproteins in vitro.
No	A truncated version of the integral membrane glycoprotein PROT (PROT) was synthesized in a rabbit reticulocyte translation system in the presence of canine pancreatic microsomes.
Yes	Following immunoprecipitation with an antiPROT antiserum, a cross-linker-independent association was observed between PROT and PROT.
Yes	In addition, the anti-calnexin antiserum immunoprecipitated a UV-dependent cross-linking product consisting of PROT and a protein of approximately 60 kDa designated PROT (PROT of 60 kDa).
Yes	Both the PROT-PROT and the PROT-PROT interactions were dependent on the presence of a correctly modified oligosaccharide group on PROT, a characteristic of many PROT interactions.
No	A PROT mutant that was not glycosylated (AGPROT) did not associate with PROT or PROT.
Yes	PROT, the soluble homologue of PROT, was also shown to interact with PROT only when the protein bore a correctly modified oligosaccharide group.
Yes	Thus, our data show that both PROT and PROT interact with PROT in a glycosylation-dependent manner.
No	Identification of a critical ligand binding determinant of the human PROT receptor. Evidence for common ligand binding motifs in the cytokine receptor family.
Yes	The PROT receptor (PROT) is a member of a family of cytokine and growth factor receptors that share conserved features in their extracellular and cytoplasmic domains.
Yes	We have used site-specific mutagenesis within the extracellular domain of the PROT to search for amino acid residues involved in PROT (PROT) binding.
Yes	Mutant proteins were expressed in bacteria as soluble PROT binding proteins (PROT) and characterized for PROT binding activity in a number of different assays.
Yes	Substitution of phenylalanine at position 93 (Phe93) with alanine (F93A mutation) resulted in a drastic reduction in PROT binding in the PROT.
No	More conservative tyrosine or tryptophan substitutions at Phe93 resulted in much less dramatic effects on PROT binding.
No	Biophysical studies indicated that the F93A mutation does not result in gross structural alterations in the PROT.
Yes	Furthermore, the F93A mutation in full-length PROT expressed in COS cells abolished detectable PROT binding.
No	This was not a result of processing or transport defects, since mutant receptor was present on the surface of the cells.
No	Mutations in the region immediately around Phe93 and in residues homologous to other reported ligand binding determinants of the cytokine receptor family had small to moderate effects on PROT binding.
Yes	These data indicate that Phe93 is a critical PROT binding determinant of the PROTR.
No	Furthermore, since Phe93 aligns with critical ligand binding determinants in other receptors of the cytokine receptor family, these data suggest that receptors of this family may use common structural motifs to bind their cognate ligands.
No	Cloning and characterization of a specific PROT binding protein structurally related to the PROT receptor alpha chain.
No	PROT (PROT) is a cytokine secreted by activated T lymphocytes that shares many, but not all, biological activities with PROT.
No	These overlapping activities are probably due to the existence of common receptor components.
No	Two proteins have been described as constituents of the PROT receptor, a approximately 140-kDa glycoprotein (PROTR) and the gamma chain (gammac) of the PROT receptor, but neither of these proteins binds PROT.
Yes	We have cloned a cDNA encoding an PROT binding protein (PROTR) from the Caki-1 human renal carcinoma cell line.
No	The cloned cDNA encodes a 380-amino acid protein with two consensus patterns characteristic of the hematopoietic cytokine receptor family and a short cytoplasmic tail.
No	The PROT shows homology with the PROT receptor, and to a lesser extent, with the prolactin receptor.
Yes	COS-7 cells transfected with the PROT cDNA bind PROT with high affinity but do not bind PROT.
No	COS-7 cells co-transfected with the cloned PROT cDNA and PROT cDNA resulted in the reconstitution of a small number of receptors that recognized both PROT and PROT.
No	Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction analysis detected the receptor transcript only in cell lines known to bind PROT.
No	Elimination of false negative results in the two-hybrid system in the phagocyte PROT.
No	The yeast two-hybrid system is finding increased use in the study of interactions between proteins.
No	In this method, two polypeptides are expressed in yeast as fusion proteins to a transcriptional activator DNA-binding domain (bd) and activating domain (ad), respectively.
No	Interaction between the two polypeptides reconstitutes function of a transactivator which controls expression of reporters.
Yes	The phagocyte PROT is a complex of membrane PROT (comprised of subunits PROT and PROT) and three cytosol proteins (PROT, PROT, and PROT) that translocate to membrane and bind to PROT.
Yes	This is the first report to demonstrate that two of cytosolic components of PROT, PROT binding to PROT each other.
No	We encountered several methodological problems in the two-hybrid system which are the focus of this report.
Yes	Crystal structure of the PROT cyclin-dependent-kinase inhibitor bound to the PROT-PROT complex.
Yes	The crystal structure of the human PROT inhibitory domain bound to the phosphorylated PROT-PROT (PROT) complex has been determined at 2.3 angstrom.
Yes	PROT binds the complex as an extended structure interacting with both PROT and PROT.
No	On PROT, it binds in a groove formed by conserved cyclin box residues.
No	On PROT, it binds and rearranges the amino-terminal lobe and also inserts into the catalytic cleft, mimicking ATP.
Yes	PROT-related protein: a ligand and specific activator of the tyrosine kinase receptor PROT.
No	The tyrosine kinases PROT, PROT, and PROT (or PROT) constitute a family of endothelial cell-specific receptors with seven immunoglobulin-like domains and a split kinase domain.
Yes	PROT and PROT have been shown to play key roles in vascular development; these two receptors bind and are activated by PROT (PROT).
No	No ligand has been identified for PROT, whose expression becomes restricted during development to the lymphatic endothelium.
No	We have identified cDNA clones from a human glioma cell line that encode a secreted protein with 32% amino acid identity to PROT.
Yes	This protein, designated PROT-related protein (PROT), specifically binds to the extracellular domain of PROT, stimulates the tyrosine phosphorylation of PROT expressed in mammalian cells, and promotes the mitogenesis of human lung endothelial cells.
No	PROT fails to bind appreciably to the extracellular domain of PROT or PROT.
No	The protein contains a C-terminal, cysteine-rich region of about 180 amino acids that is not found in PROT.
No	A 2.4-kb VRP mRNA is found in several human tissues including adult heart, placenta, ovary, and small intestine and in fetal lung and kidney.
No	Two-hybrid system as a model to study the interaction of beta-amyloid peptide monomers.
No	The kinetics of amyloid fibril formation by PROT (PROT) are typical of a nucleation-dependent polymerization mechanism.
No	This type of mechanism suggests that the study of the interaction of PROT with itself can provide some valuable insights into Alzheimer disease amyloidosis.
No	Interaction of PROT with itself was explored with the yeast two-hybrid system.
No	Fusion proteins were created by linking the PROT fragment to a PROT DNA-binding domain (bait) and also to a PROT transactivation domain (prey).
No	Protein-protein interactions were measured by expression of these fusion proteins in Saccharomyces cerevisiae harboring PROT (PROT) and PROT (PROT) genes under the control of LexA-dependent operators.
No	This approach suggests that the PROT molecule is capable of interacting with itself in vivo in the yeast cell nucleus.
Yes	PROT protein fused to the Drosophila protein PROT (PROT-PROT) failed to interact with the PROT fragment fused to PROT, indicating that the observed PROT-PROT interaction was specific.
No	Specificity was further shown by the finding that no significant interaction was observed in yeast expressing PROT-PROT bait when the PROT transactivation domain was fused to an PROT fragment with Phe-Phe at residues 19 and 20 replaced by Thr-Thr (PROTTT), a finding that is consistent with in vitro observations made by others.
No	Moreover, when a peptide fragment bearing this substitution was mixed with native PROT-(1-40), it inhibited formation of fibrils in vitro as examined by electron microscopy.
No	The findings presented in this paper suggest that the two-hybrid system can be used to study the interaction of PROT monomers and to define the peptide sequences that may be important in nucleation-dependent aggregation.
No	Influence of PROT (PROT) dimerization on formation of the high affinity hexameric PROT.receptor complex.
Yes	The high affinity PROT (PROT) signaling complex consists of PROT and two membrane-associated receptor components: a low affinity but specific PROT receptor and the affinity converter/signal transducing protein PROT.
Yes	Monomeric (PROT) and dimeric (PROT) forms of Escherichia coli-derived human PROT and the extracellular ("soluble") portions of the PROT receptor (sPROTR) and PROT have been purified in order to investigate the effect of PROT dimerization on binding to the receptor complex.
Yes	Although PROT has a higher binding affinity for immobilized PROT, as determined by biosensor analysis employing surface plasmon resonance detection, PROT is more potent than PROT in a STAT3 phosphorylation assay.
No	The difference in potency is significantly less pronounced when measured in the murine 7TD1 hybridoma growth factor assay and the human hepatoma HepG2 bioassay due to time-dependent dissociation at 37 degrees C of PROT dimers into active monomers.
Yes	The increased binding affinity of PROT appears to be due to its ability to cross-link two PROT molecules on the biosensor surface.
Yes	Studies of the PROT ternary complex formation demonstrated that the reduced biological potency of PROTD resulted from a decreased ability of the PROTD (sPROTR)2 complex to couple with the soluble portion of PROT.
Yes	These data imply that PROT-induced dimerization of sPROTR is not the driving force in promoting formation of the hexameric (PROT PROTR PROT)2 complex.
Yes	A model is presented whereby the trimeric complex of PROT, PROT, and PROT forms before the functional hexamer.
Yes	Due to its increased affinity for the PROT but its decreased ability to couple with PROT, we suggest that a stable PROT dimer may be an efficient PROT antagonist.
Yes	Physical interaction of mammalian PROT with PROT.
No	PROT was originally identified as a Start gene in budding yeast and has been shown to be required for association of PROT with cyclins.
No	The exact functional mechanism by which PROT promotes this association, however, remains unknown.
No	PROT is a PROT that controls progression through G1 of the mammalian cell cycle.
Yes	We have detected a specific association of PROT with the molecular chaperon PROT and a 44-kDa protein that we identify as mammalian PROT.
Yes	A physical interaction between PROT and PROT suggests that PROT may regulate the mammalian cell cycle through a direct effect on PROT.
Yes	Association of PROT with both PROT and PROT may also imply a mechanistic link between the functions of PROT and PROT.
Yes	Interactions of PROT, a mediator of PROT assembly, with heat shock proteins PROT and PROT.
No	Previous studies on the assembly of PROTOTOT (PROTOT) complexes in vitro have suggested that PROTOT assembly is a dynamic, ordered process involving at least eight nonreceptor proteins.
No	One of these proteins, PROTOT, appears transiently during assembly and is not a component of functionally mature PROT complexes.
No	In the present study we observe that a monoclonal antibody specific for PROTOTOT can, on the one hand, inhibit formation of mature PROTOT complexes containing PROTOT (PROTOT), PROTOT, and immunophilins and, on the other, enhance recovery of early PROTOT complexes containing PROT and PROT (PROT).
No	This observation supports a model in which PROTOTOT functions at an intermediate stage of PROTOT assembly to facilitate formation of subsequent PROTOT complexes lacking PROTOTOT.
Yes	Since PROT is typically found in a complex with PROT and PROT, we have further characterized its interactions with these proteins.
Yes	PROT can bind either PROT or PROT independently and in an ATP-independent manner.
Yes	Since PROT and PROT do not readily associate on their own, it appears that PROT is the central organizing component of an PROT-PROT-PROT complex.
Yes	Mutational analysis of PROT indicates that the N terminus is required for PROT binding, and a central region containing tetratricopeptide repeat motifs is necessary for binding PROT and PROT.
Yes	The PROT-PROT-PROT multichaperone complex is highly dynamic and does not appear to be affected by the PROT-binding drug geldanamycin.
Yes	The interactions of PROTOTOTOT and PROTOTOTOT in intermediate PROTOTOT complexes are shown to be distinct from their separate interactions in early PROTOTOT complexes (PROTOTOTOT) or in mature PROTOTOT complexes (PROTOTOTOT).
No	From these results, it appears that PROTOT is a key mediator in the chaperoned assembly and functional maturation of PROT complexes.
No	Genetic characterization of a mammalian protein-protein interaction domain by using a yeast reverse two-hybrid system.
No	Many biological processes rely upon protein-protein interactions.
No	Hence, detailed analysis of these interactions is critical for their understanding.
No	Due to the complexities involved, genetic approaches are often needed.
No	In yeast and phage, genetic characterizations of protein complexes are possible.
No	However, in multicellular organisms, such characterizations are limited by the lack of powerful selection systems.
No	Herein we describe genetic selections that allow single amino acid changes that disrupt protein-protein interactions to be selected from large libraries of randomly generated mutant alleles.
No	The strategy, based on a yeast reverse two-hybrid system, involves a first-step negative selection for mutations that affect interaction, followed by a second-step positive selection for a subset of these mutations that maintain expression of full-length protein (two-step selection).
Yes	We have selected such mutations in the transcription factor PROT that affect its ability to heterodimerize with PROT.
No	The mutations obtained identified a putative helix in the marked box, a region conserved among E2F family members, as an important determinant for interaction.
No	This two-step selection procedure can be used to characterize any interaction domain that can be tested in the two-hybrid system.
No	Formation of PROT-CDK complexes during the human mitotic cell cycle.
No	In eukaryotic cells, the coordinated activation of different cyclin-dependent kinases regulates entry into S-phase.
Yes	In vitro and in nonproliferating cells, PROT associates with and inhibits cyclin/cycin-dependent kinase (CDK) holoenzymes containing either PROT, PROT, or PROT.
No	Although many different types of proliferating cells contain PROT protein, neither the interactions of PROT with cyclin/CDK complexes nor the consequences of this interaction during the mitotic cycle have been fully explored.
No	We report that, in MANCA cells, the amount of PROT is constant during the cell cycle.
Yes	In addition, PROT associates with three different CDKs: PROT, PROT, and PROT.
No	Furthermore, the amount of PROT is significantly lower than the amount of PROT in these cells.
Yes	The amount of PROT and PROT associated with PROT does not change in a cell cycle-dependent fashion; in contrast, the amount of PROT associated with PROT is lowest in early G1 cells and increases to a maximum in mid-G1 phase, reaching a steady-state level in late G1-phase cells.
No	After mid-G1 phase, the amount of each PROT/CDK complex remains constant through the remainder of the cell cycle.
No	PROT-immunoprecipitates contain an Rb-kinase activity.
No	The substrate specificity, the expression pattern of this kinase, and the ability to deplete 50% of this kinase activity with a PROT-specific antibody suggest that the PROT protein mediates, in part, the PROT-associated PROT-kinase activity.
Yes	In contrast, PROT complexes containing PROT are incapable of phosphorylating PROT.
No	These data are consistent with a model wherein PROT/CDK complexes sequester the PROT-dependent kinase inhibitory activity of PROT.
Yes	PROT stimulates tyrosine phosphorylation of PROT receptor substrate 1 and its association with PROT and the PROT.
No	The growth-promoting effects of PROT on normal and neoplastic gastrointestinal tissues have been shown to be mediated by the PROT/PROT, which belongs to the family of G protein-coupled receptors.
No	However, the downstream signaling pathways activated by PROT are not well characterized.
Yes	In the present study, we demonstrate that PROT stimulates tyrosine phosphorylation of PROT receptor substrate 1 (PROT), the major cytoplasmic substrate of the PROT receptor.
Yes	The PROT-induced phosphorylation of PROT was rapid and transient, occurring within 30 s of treatment and diminishing thereafter.
No	PROT binds several proteins containing Src homology 2 domains through its multiple tyrosine phosphorylation sites.
Yes	Following PROT stimulation, we observed a time- and dose-dependent association of PROT with the PROT regulatory subunit of PROT (PROT).
No	In addition, activation of PROT was detected in anti-PROT immunoprecipitates from PROT-treated cells, suggesting that tyrosine phosphorylation of PROT, which leads to the rapid recruitment of PROT, might be one mechanism used by PROT to activate PROT.
Yes	We have previously reported that tyrosine phosphorylation of PROT and its association with the PROT-PROT complex may contribute to the activation of the PROT pathway by PROT.
Yes	We report here that PROT also interacts with tyrosine-phosphorylated PROT in response to PROT.
No	Taken together, our results suggest that PROT may serve as a converging target in the signaling pathways stimulated by receptors that belong to different families, such as the PROT/PROT G protein-coupled receptor and the PROT receptor.
No	Use of a two-hybrid system to investigate molecular interactions of PROT.
No	We used the 'interaction trap' (two-hybrid system) to identify polypeptides that interact with the neuronal phosphoprotein, PROT, in an intracellular environment.
Yes	PROT (PROT, PROT, PROT), a PROT (PROT) substrate important for the growth and plasticity of neuronal connections, has been implicated in vitro in several signal transduction pathways.
Yes	In the yeast-based cloning system, the only strong interaction that was detected between PROT and the PROT, PROT (PROT).
Yes	PROT phosphorylates PROT on serine 41.
No	When we changed this serine to an aspartate residue to mimic constitutive phosphorylation, the interaction with PROT was blocked.
Yes	Surprisingly, the N-terminal third of PROT alone bound PROT more strongly than did intact PROT, suggesting that the protein's C-terminus may play a role in modulating the interaction with PROT.
Yes	These results, along with other recent findings, suggest a novel role for the interaction between PROT and PROT.
Yes	Structure of the PROT tumor suppressor bound to the ankyrin and SH3 domains of PROT.
No	Mutations in the PROT tumor suppressor are among the most frequently observed genetic alterations in human cancer and map to the 200-amino acid core domain of the protein.
Yes	The core domain contains the sequence-specific DNA binding activity and the in vitro PROT protein binding activity of PROT.
Yes	The crystal structure of the PROT core domain bound to the PROT protein, which contains an SH3 (Src homology 3) domain and four ankyrin repeats, revealed that (i) the SH3 domain binds the L3 loop of PROT in a manner distinct from that of previously characterized SH3-polyproline peptide complexes, and (ii) an ankyrin repeat, which forms an L-shaped structure consisting of a beta hairpin and two alpha helices, binds the L2 loop of PROT.
Yes	The structure of the complex shows that the PROT binding site on the PROT core domain consists of evolutionarily conserved regions that are frequently mutated in cancer and that it overlaps the site of DNA binding.
Yes	The six most frequently observed PROT mutations disrupt PROT binding in vitro.
Yes	The structure provides evidence that the PROT-PROT complex forms in vivo and may have a critical role in the PROT pathway of tumor suppression.
Yes	Structure of the PROT oncoprotein bound to the PROT tumor suppressor transactivation domain.
Yes	The PROT oncoprotein is a cellular inhibitor of the PROT tumor suppressor in that it can bind the transactivation domain of PROT and downregulate its ability to activate transcription.
No	In certain cancers, PROT amplification is a common event and contributes to the inactivation of PROT.
Yes	The crystal structure of the 109-residue amino-terminal domain of PROT bound to a 15-residue transactivation domain peptide of PROT revealed that PROT has a deep hydrophobic cleft on which the PROT peptide binds as an amphipathic alpha helix.
Yes	The interface relies on the steric complementarity between the PROT cleft and the hydrophobic face of the PROT alpha helix and, in particular, on a triad of PROT amino acids-Phe19, Trp23, and Leu26-which insert deep into the PROT cleft.
Yes	These same PROT residues are also involved in transactivation, supporting the hypothesis that PROT inactivates PROT by concealing its transactivation domain.
No	The structure also suggests that the amphipathic alpha helix may be a common structural motif in the binding of a diverse family of transactivation factors to the PROT-associated factors.
Yes	The cytokine-activated tyrosine kinase PROT activates PROT in a PROT-dependent manner.
Yes	PROT, a member of the Janus kinase superfamily was found to interact functionally with PROT, a central component of the PROT/PROT signal transduction pathway.
Yes	PROT and several other cytokines that are known to activate PROT kinase were also found to stimulate PROT kinase activity toward PROT in mammalian cells.
Yes	In the baculovirus coexpression system, PROT was activated by PROT in the presence of PROT.
Yes	Under these conditions, a ternary complex of PROT, PROT, and PROT was observed.
No	In contrast, in the absence of PROT, coexpression of PROT and PROT resulted in an overall decrease in the PROT kinase activity.
Yes	In addition, PROT phosphorylated PROT at sites different from those phosphorylated by PROT.
Yes	In mammalian cells treated with either erythropoietin or interferon-gamma, a small fraction of PROT coimmunoprecipitated with PROT in lysates of cells in which PROT was activated as judged by its state of tyrosine phosphorylation.
Yes	Taken together, these data suggest that PROT and PROT cooperate to activate PROT.
Yes	PROT-induced interaction of primary HIV-1 PROT glycoproteins with the chemokine receptor PROT.
No	For efficient entry into target cells, primary macrophage-tropic and laboratory-adapted human immunodeficiency viruses type 1 (HIV-1) require particular chemokine receptors, PROT and PROT, respectively, as well as the primary receptor PROT (refs 1-6).
Yes	Here we show that a complex of PROT, the exterior envelope glycoprotein, of macrophage-tropic primary HIV-1 and soluble PROT interacts specifically with PROT and inhibits the binding of the natural PROT ligands, PROT and PROT (refs 7, 8).
Yes	The apparent affinity of the interaction between PROT and PROT was dramatically lower in the absence of soluble PROT.
Yes	Additionally, in the absence of PROT, an interaction between a two-domain PROT fragment and PROT was observed.
Yes	A PROT fragment retaining the PROT-binding site and overlapping epitopes was able to interact with PROT only if the V3 loop, which can specify HIV-1 tropism and chemokine receptor choice, was also present on the molecule.
Yes	Neutralizing antibodies directed against either PROT-induced or V3 epitopes on PROT blocked the interaction of PROT-PROT complexes with PROT.
No	These results suggest that HIV-1 attachment to PROT creates a high-affinity binding site for PROT, leading to membrane fusion and virus entry.
Yes	PROT recruitment by two distinct ligand-induced, tyrosine-phosphorylated docking sites in the PROT receptor intracellular domain.
No	Recent work has shown that PROT induces activation of the JAK-STAT signaling pathway.
No	To define the mechanism underlying signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT) protein recruitment to the PROT (PROT) receptor, the STAT proteins activated by PROT in different cell populations were first defined using electrophoretic mobility shift assays.
Yes	In all cells tested, PROT activated PROT and PROT and induced the formation of three distinct DNA binding complexes that contained different combinations of these two transcription factors.
Yes	PROT also activated PROT in Ba/F3 cells that stably expressed the murine PROT receptor.
Yes	Using a structure-function mutagenesis approach, two tyrosine residues (Tyr427 and Tyr477) in the intracellular domain of the murine PROT receptor were found to be redundantly required for receptor function and for activation of PROT but not for PROT or Stat5.
No	Twelve amino acid peptides encompassing either of these two tyrosine residues in phosphorylated form coprecipitated PROT but not PROT and blocked PROT-induced PROT phosphorylation in a cell-free system.
No	In contrast, tyrosine-phosphorylated peptides containing Tyr374 or Tyr396 did not interact with PROT or block PROT activation.
Yes	These data demonstrate that PROT but not PROT or PROT is directly recruited to the ligand-activated PROT receptor by binding to specific but redundant receptor intracellular domain sequences containing phosphotyrosine.
No	This study thus supports the concept that utilization of distinct STAT proteins by different cytokine receptors is dependent on the expression of particular ligand-activatable, tyrosine-containing STAT docking sites in receptor intracellular domains.
No	cDNA cloning and characterization of the human PROT receptor alpha chain.
No	We have cloned cDNAs corresponding to the human PROT receptor alpha chain (PROT).
No	The protein has 76% homology to murine PROT, with 95% amino acid identity in the cytoplasmic domain.
Yes	Only weak PROT binding activity was found in cells transfected with only PROTRalpha; however, the combination of both PROTRalpha and PROT resulted in substantial binding activity, with a Kd of approximately 400 pM, indicating that both chains are essential components of the PROT receptor.
Yes	Whereas PROT serves as an alternative accessory protein to the common PROT (PROT) for PROT signaling, it could not replace the function of PROT in allowing enhanced PROT binding activity.
No	Nevertheless, the overall size and length of the cytoplasmic domain of PROT and PROT are similar, and like PROT, PROT is located on chromosome X.
Yes	Interaction of PROT with PROT: binding and inhibition of amyloid formation.
No	Aggregated PROT (PROT) is a key component of the amyloid depositions found in the brains of patients with Alzheimer's disease.
No	In contrast, in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), PROT is found in a soluble form.
No	The analysis of complexes of PROT with CSF proteins in a KBr gradient revealed an association of PROT only with free proteins and not with lipoprotein particles.
Yes	PROT (PROT), a second major CSF protein, formed SDS-stable complexes with PROT and significantly decreased the rate of PROT fibril formation.
No	In physiological buffers and CSF, PROT exclusively decreased the level of PROT pentamers.
Yes	Endogenous PROT-PROT complexes were detected in human CSF by immunoprecipitation.
Yes	Using site-directed mutagenesis and computer-assisted modelling, we identified amino acid residues on the surface of the PROT monomer that interact with PROT.
No	Specific PROT immunoreactivity was detected in multiple cortical neurons and astrocytes in the human brain.
No	We propose that PROT binding proteins play a key role in the modulation of PROT aggregation and normally prevent amyloid formation in biological fluids and in the brain.
No	SREBP transcriptional activity is mediated through an interaction with the PROT-binding protein.
No	The sterol regulatory element binding proteins (PROT and -2) activate transcription of genes whose products are involved in the cellular uptake and synthesis of cholesterol.
No	Although considerable effort has been exerted to define the events regulating the levels of active SREBP, little is known about the transcriptional cofactors mediating SREBP function.
No	In an unbiased search for potential coactivators of SREBP, we isolated a protein of 265 kD from HeLa cells that directly bound PROT and PROT.
No	Peptide sequencing and Western blot analysis established that the 265-kD protein was PROT (PROT),a recently identified transcriptional coactivator.
No	The putative activation domain of SREBP was shown to bind specifically to amino-terminal domains of recombinant PROT and PROT (a PROT-related protein).
No	Moreover, transfection studies demonstrated that PROT enhances the ability of SREBP to activate transcription of reporter genes in HeLa cells.
No	Together, these data suggest that PROT mediates SREBP transcriptional activity, thus revealing a new step in the biochemical pathway regulating cholesterol metabolism.
Yes	Associations of PROT with PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT proteins in a yeast two-hybrid system.
No	The yeast PROT-dependent pathway is involved in DNA recombination and double-strand break repair.
No	Yeast ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme PROT participates in S- and M-phase cyclin degradation and mitotic control.
Yes	Using the human PROT protein as the "bait" in a yeast two-hybrid system, we have identified a human homolog of yeast PROT, designated PROT, that interacts with PROT, PROT, PROT, and a ubiquitin-like protein PROT.
No	These interactions are PROT-specific, since another DNA repair-related ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme, PROT (PROT), does not interact with these proteins.
Yes	The interaction of PROT with PROT is mediated by PROT's self-association region.
No	These results suggest that the PROT-dependent processes, cell cycle control, PROT-mediated pathway(s), and ubiquitination interact through human PROT.
Yes	Discrete protein interactions with the PROT/PROT complex in PROT- and PROT-mediated myeloid cell proliferation.
No	Hemopoietic cell proliferation is mediated by non-tyrosine and tyrosine kinases that signal via uncommon and common sets of downstream effector molecules including the PROT/PROT.
Yes	In the present study we evaluated tyrosine phosphorylation of PROT and the interaction of the PROT/PROT complex with signaling proteins upon activation of non-tyrosine (PROT) and tyrosine kinase (PROT) receptors leading to myeloid cell proliferation.
Yes	By using the growth factor dependent M-07e cell line, we found that both PROT and PROT ligands, namely: PROT and PROT, induce PROT tyrosine phosphorylation.
Yes	In these cells the adaptor protein PROT constitutively binds a substantial fraction of PROT through the N-terminal SH3 domain.
Yes	In vitro experiments showed that the stable PROT/PROT complex interacts, through the PROT SH2 domain, with the PROT-activated PROT.
Yes	By contrast stimulation with PROT leads to the formation of a PROT complex containing PROT.
Yes	In vitro and in vivo experiments support the hypothesis that PROT mediates the association of PROT with PROT.
Yes	Moreover we found that, upon PROT stimulation, the PROT/PROT complex recruits PROT, probably via PROT.
Yes	By contrast the PROT exchanger factor (PROT) was not detected in anti-PROT immunoprecipitates suggesting that PROT/PROT and PROT/PROT are present in different complexes.
Yes	Taken together our results demonstrate that PROT plays an important role in coupling both tyrosine and non-tyrosine kinase receptors to downstream effector molecules and that different signaling molecules interact with PROT/PROT complex when non-tyrosine or tyrosine kinase receptors are activated.
No	Efficient interaction of HIV-1 with purified dendritic cells via multiple chemokine coreceptors.
No	HIV-1 actively replicates in dendritic cell (DC)-T cell cocultures, but it has been difficult to demonstrate substantial infection of purified mature DCs.
No	We now find that HIV-1 begins reverse transcription much more efficiently in DCs than T cells, even though T cells have higher levels of PROT and PROT binding.
No	DCs isolated from skin or from blood precursors behave similarly.
No	Several M-tropic strains and the T-tropic strain IIIB enter DCs efficiently, as assessed by the progressive formation of the early products of reverse transcription after a 90-min virus pulse at 37 degrees C.
No	However, few late gag-containing sequences are detected, so that active viral replication does not occur.
No	The formation of these early transcripts seems to follow entry of HIV-1, rather than binding of virions that contain viral DNA.
No	Early transcripts are scarce if DCs are exposed to virus on ice for 4 h, or for 90 min at 37 degrees C, conditions which allow virus binding.
No	Also the early transcripts once formed are insensitive to PROT.
No	The entry of a M-tropic isolates is blocked by the chemokine PROT, and the entry of IIIB by SDF-1.
Yes	PROT interacts with PROT and PROT with PROT receptors.
No	Entry of M-tropic but not T-tropic virus is ablated in DCs from individuals who lack a functional PROT receptor.
No	DCs express more PROT and PROT mRNA than T cells.
No	Therefore, while HIV-1 does not replicate efficiently in mature DCs, viral entry can be active and can be blocked by chemokines that act on known receptors for M- and T-tropic virus.
Yes	Activation of PROT inducing factor mediated by PROT converting enzyme.
Yes	The PROT (PROT) converting enzyme (PROT) processes the inactive PROT precursor to the proinflammatory cytokine.
Yes	PROT was also shown to cleave the precursor of PROT inducing factor (PROT) at the authentic processing site with high efficiency, thereby activating PROT and facilitating its export.
No	Lipopolysaccharide-activated PROT-deficient (PROT-/-) Kupffer cells synthesized the PROT precursor but failed to process it into the active form.
No	PROT and PROT were diminished in the sera of PROT-/- mice exposed to Propionibacterium acnes and lipopolysaccharide.
No	The lack of multiple proinflammatory cytokines in PROT-/- mice may account for their protection from septic shock.
Yes	Physical and functional interactions between the transcriptional inhibitors PROT and PROT. Evidence toward a novel mechanism regulating muscle-specific gene expression.
Yes	We have used an interaction cloning strategy to identify an inhibitory isoform of the PROT transcription factor, PROTb, that interacts with the transcriptional inhibitor PROT/PROT.
No	The interaction was confirmed in vitro, and inside intact myogenic C2C12 cells.
No	As expected, overexpression of either PROT/PROT or PROT effectively inhibited the activation of the muscle-specific PROT promoter by the myogenic transcription factor PROT.
No	However, when overexpressed simultaneously, PROT and Id3/HLH462 counteracted each other's inhibitory effect to produce a reduced overall inhibition.
No	Moreover, while PROT inhibited the PROT promoter, it acted as a weak transactivator on an artificial promoter consisting of three tandem copies of the consensus myogenic factor DNA binding site.
Yes	Further investigation indicated that the PROT/PROT heterodimer bound to its specific DNA binding site in vitro, and the DNA binding was effectively blocked by PROT/PROT.
No	Additional analysis revealed the presence of transcripts for both the activating (PROT) and inhibitory (PROT) isoforms in differentiating C2C12 cultures, suggesting that both isoforms might participate in regulating the differentiation process.
No	Taken together, this study reveals a more complex pattern of regulatory interactions involving the helix-loop-helix proteins than was previously anticipated.
No	PROT forms an ion channel in synthetic lipid membranes.
No	PROT-related proteins are critical regulators of cell survival that are localized to the outer mitochondrial, outer nuclear and endoplasmic reticulum membranes.
No	Despite their physiological importance, the biochemical function of PROT-related proteins has remained elusive.
No	The three-dimensional structure of PROT, an inhibitor of apoptosis, was recently shown to be similar to the structures of the pore-forming domains of bacterial toxins.
No	A key feature of these pore-forming domains is the ability to form ion channels in biological membranes.
No	Here we demonstrate that PROT shares this functional feature.
No	Like the bacterial toxins, PROT can insert into either synthetic lipid vesicles or planar lipid bilayers and form an ion-conducting channel.
No	This channel is pH-sensitive and becomes cation-selective at physiological pH.
No	The ion-conducting channel(s) formed by PROT display multiple conductance states that have identical ion selectivity.
No	Together, these data suggest that PROT may maintain cell survival by regulating the permeability of the intracellular membranes to which it is distributed.
Yes	Competitive binding of PROT and PROT to the PROT.
No	The mechanisms by which neurotransmitter receptors are immobilized at postsynaptic sites in neurons are largely unknown.
Yes	The activity of NMDA (N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptors is mechanosensitive and dependent on the integrity of PROT, suggesting a functionally important interaction between PROTs and the postsynaptic cytoskeleton. PROT, a member of the spectrin/PROT family of PROT-binding proteins, is identified here as a brain postsynaptic density protein that colocalizes in dendritic spines with PROTs and the putative PROT-clustering molecule PROT. PROT binds by its central rod domain to the cytoplasmic tail of both PROT and PROT subunits of the PROT, and can be immunoprecipitated with PROTs and PROT from rat brain.
No	Intriguingly, PROT-PROT binding is directly antagonized by Ca2+/PROT.
No	Thus PROT may play a role in both the localization of NMDA receptors and their modulation by Ca2+.
Yes	PROT interacts with protein phosphatases PROT and PROT and disrupts a G2/M cell-cycle checkpoint.
No	PROT is an orphan homeobox gene that controls the genesis of the spleen.
No	PROT is also oncogenic, having been isolated from a chromosomal breakpoint in human T-cell leukaemia.
No	Transgenic mice that redirected PROT to the thymus demonstrated cell-cycle aberration and progression to malignancy.
Yes	We observed that the protein PROT interacted with protein PROT catalytic subunit (PROT), as well as PROT (PROT) in mammalian cells.
No	Inhibition of PROT can regulate the cell cycle and control the activation of maturation-promoting factor in Xenopus oocytes.
No	Microinjection of PROT into Xenopus oocytes arrested at the G2 phase of the cell cycle promoted progression to the M phase.
No	G2 arrest can be induced by gamma-irradiation, but is eliminated by expression of PROT within a T-cell line.
Yes	Thus PROT is a cellular oncogene that targets PROT and PROT, both of which are targets for oncogenic viruses and chemical tumour promoters.
No	This interaction suggests a mechanism by which a homeobox can alter the cell cycle.
Yes	Analysis of the human PROT/human PROT receptor binding interface at the amino acid level: proposed mechanism of interaction.
Yes	The interaction between PROT (PROT) and PROT receptor (PROTR) is the initial and most specific step in the PROT signaling pathway.
No	Understanding its mechanism at the amino acid level is the basis for developing small PROT-inhibiting molecules.
Yes	We studied the human PROT (hPROT)/hPROTR binding interface by a combination of molecular modelling and site-directed mutagenesis.
No	Our model suggests that the center of the interface between the two molecules consists of hydrophobic contacts predicted to account for most of the binding-free energy.
No	These contacts can be regarded as a hydrophobic core shielded by hydrophilic residues that are also needed for recognition.
Yes	Following this hypothesis, we altered in PROT and PROTR residues predicted to reside in the contact region and to interact with each other.
Yes	We studied the capacity of these mutants to form an PROT/PROTR complex and their ability to transduce the signal.
No	This combined approach has led to the identification of certain residue-clusters in the binding interface and to a rational explanation of their specific interactions, suggesting therein a likely mechanism of complex formation.
No	The results confirm the predictive model and strongly support our hypothesis.
No	Comparison with other cytokines and their alpha-subunit receptors suggests that the structural location of certain binding sites are conserved.
No	Mutagenesis studies of the human PROT receptor. Establishment of structure-function relationships.
Yes	Mutagenesis of the PROT receptor (PROT) permits analysis of the contribution that individual amino acid residues make to PROT (PROT) binding.
Yes	We employed both random and site-specific mutagenesis to determine the function of amino acid residues in the extracellular domain (referred to as PROT binding protein, PROT) of the PROTR.
No	Residues were chosen for site-specific alanine substitution based on the results of the random mutagenesis or on their homology to residues that are conserved or have been reported to be involved in ligand binding in other receptors of the cytokine receptor family.
No	Site-specific mutants were expressed in Escherichia coli as soluble PROT and analyzed for PROT binding in several different assay formats.
No	In addition, selected mutant proteins were expressed as full-length PROT on the surface of COS cells and analyzed for 125I-PROT binding in receptor binding assays.
No	Using these methods, we have identified residues that appear to be involved in PROT binding as well as other residues, most of which are conserved in receptors of the cytokine receptor family, that appear to be necessary for the proper folding and/or stability of the PROTR.
No	We present correlations between these mutagenesis data and the recently solved crystal structure of the PROT with a peptide ligand.
No	Signal transduction pathway of human PROT. Identification of a novel 66-kDa phosphoprotein.
No	Stimulation of PROT (PROT) results in a variety of functional effects, including regulation of epithelial cell growth and differentiation.
No	In order to characterize the signaling pathway through which PROT regulates cell growth, L6 cells lacking any endogenous FGFR were stably transfected with the two different human isoforms, PROT IIIb and PROT IIIc, that result from alternative splicing of exon III of the PROT gene encoding the ligand binding domain.
No	Expression of PROT IIIc in stably transfected L6 cells conferred growth responses to several members of the FGF family including PROT, -2, -4, and -6, while PROT IIIb-expressing cells responded only to PROT.
No	Activation of PROT upon ligand binding resulted in activation of PROT pathway.
No	PROT utilizes two different pools of adapter protein PROT to link to PROT.
Yes	Activated PROT predominantly interacts with PROT.
No	PROT in complex with a previously identified 90-kDa protein and designated protein PROT.
No	In addition, PROT.
No	PROT.
No	PROT complex was found to contain a novel 66-kDa protein.
No	Tyrosine phophorylation of the 66-kDa protein was dependent on ligand activation of PROT, suggesting that the 66-kDa protein may play an important role in PROT-specific signaling.
No	In addition to this unique pathway, PROT also links to PROT.
No	PROT complex via the adapter protein PROT.
No	Furthermore, activated PROT was not able to induce dissociation of PROT.
No	PROT complex following PROT phosphorylation.
No	In summary, PROT signaling pathway utilizes two PROT-containing complexes; PROT.
No	PROT.
Yes	PROT and PROT.PROT.
No	PROT.
No	PROT; these two complexes may alternatively link PROT to PROT.
No	Finally, activated PROT was also found to result in phosphorylation of PROT but reduced phosphorylation of PROT.
No	Identification of interaction partners for the basic-helix-loop-helix protein PROT.
No	Helix-loop-helix proteins constitute a family of transcription factors with the potential to form homo- and hetero-dimers mediated by the helix-loop-helix domain.
No	Oncogenic mutations in such genes can disrupt the equilibrium of protein-protein interactions in the affected cell.
No	In order to assess the biological consequences of such mutations, the full complement of interacting proteins must be known.
No	To identify proteins interacting with the basic-helix-loop-helix domain of the ubiquitously expressed PROT protein, a 'sandwich'-screening procedure was developed which distinguishes between homo- and hetero-oligomers, and specifically excludes the detection of complexes which cannot bind DNA.
No	Nine distinct cDNAs were identified which encode proteins with apparent basic-helix-loop-helix domains, including a novel clone termed PROT which is distantly related in the basic-helix-loop-helix domain to the Drosophila enhancer-of-split m7 protein.
Yes	Using epitope-tagging, interaction of PROT basic-helix-loop-helix protein with the PROT protein encoded by this novel cDNA was confirmed by immunoprecipitation experiments in COS7 cells.
No	Interaction was also observed in the yeast two-hybrid system.
No	Three cDNAs encoding proteins without basic-helix-loop-helix domains were also found to interact in the sandwich-expression screen.
No	Interactions with human PROT and mouse PROT were confirmed using glutathione transferase-tagged cDNAs.
Yes	A cDNA encoding part of the PROT protein sequence interacted with the PROT basic-helix-loop-helix only when fused to a beta-galactosidase tag.
No	PROT is a transcriptional modulator that communicates with PROT and the PROT.
No	PROTn (PROT) transactivates viral and cellular genes through a wide variety of cis-elements.
No	However, the mechanism is still obscure.
Yes	Our finding that PROT directly interacts with PROT (PROT), a common subunit of RNA polymerases, implies that PROT directly modulates the function of RNA polymerase (Cheong, J. H., Yi, M., Lin, Y., and Murakami, S. (1995) EMBO J. 14, 142-150).
No	In this context, we examined the possibility that PROT and PROT interact with other general transcription factors.
No	PROT and PROT specifically bound to PROT (PROT) in vitro, both of which were detected by either far-Western blotting or the glutathione S-transferase-resin pull-down assay.
Yes	Delineation of the binding regions of these three proteins revealed that PROT, PROT, and PROT each has two binding regions for the other two proteins.
No	Co-immunoprecipitation using HepG2 cell lysates that express PROT demonstrated trimeric interaction in vivo.
Yes	Some PROT substitution mutants, which had severely impaired transacting activity, exhibited reduced binding affinity with either PROT or PROT in a mutually exclusive manner, suggesting that PROT transactivation requires the interactions of both PROT and PROT.
No	These results indicated that PROT is a novel virus modulator that facilitates transcriptional initiation by stabilizing the association between RNA polymerase and PROT through communication with PROT and PROT.
Yes	Crystal structure of the type-I PROT receptor complexed with PROTbeta.
No	PROT (PROT) is an important mediator of inflammatory disease.
No	The PROT family currently consists of two agonists, PROTalpha and PROTbeta, and one antagonist, PROTra.
No	Each of these molecules binds to the type I PROT receptor (PROT).
Yes	The binding of PROT or PROT to PROT is an early step in PROT signal transduction and blocking this interaction may therefore be a useful target for the development of new drugs.
Yes	Here we report the three-dimensional structure of PROT bound to the extracellular domain of PROT (s-PROT) at 2.5 A resolution.
Yes	PROT binds to PROT with a 1:1 stoichiometry.
Yes	The crystal structure shows that PROT consists of three immunoglobulin-like domains which wrap around PROT in a manner distinct from the structures of previously described cytokine-receptor complexes.
No	The two receptor-binding regions on PROT identified by site-directed mutagenesis both contact the receptor: one binds to the first two domains of the receptor, while the other binds exclusively to the third domain.
No	A new cytokine-receptor binding mode revealed by the crystal structure of the PROT receptor with an antagonist.
No	Inflammation, regardless of whether it is provoked by infection or by tissue damage, starts with the activation of macrophages which initiate a cascade of inflammatory responses by producing the cytokines PROT (PROT) and PROT (ref. 1).
Yes	Three naturally occurring ligands for the PROT receptor (PROT) exist: the agonists PROTalpha and PROTbeta and the PROT-receptor antagonist PROTA (ref. 2).
No	PROT is the only cytokine for which a naturally occurring antagonist is known.
Yes	Here we describe the crystal structure at 2.7 A resolution of the soluble extracellular part of type-I PROT complexed with PROTA.
No	The receptor consists of three immunoglobulin-like domains.
No	Domains 1 and 2 are tightly linked, but domain three is completely separate and connected by a flexible linker.
No	Residues of all three domains contact the antagonist and include the five critical PROT residues which were identified by site-directed mutagenesis.
No	A region that is important for biological function in PROT, the 'receptor trigger site' is not in direct contact with the receptor in the PROT complex.
No	Modelling studies suggest that this PROT trigger site might induce a movement of domain 3.
Yes	The catalytic domain of activated PROT (PROT) is absolutely required for interaction with its specific inhibitor, PROT (PROT).
No	Here, we describe the production of PROT (PROT) and wild-type and mutant human PROT (PROT) proteins in SF9 cells by the baculovirus expression system.
No	Wild-type PROT, as well as the PROT mutant lacking the C-terminal hemopexin-like domain [des-(248-450)-PROT], exhibit enzymatic activity upon cleavage of the prodomain by treatment with PROT or 4-aminophenylmercuric acetate.
No	Enzyme activity of both proteins can be inhibited by addition of PROT.
No	Deletion of the complete active-site [des-(161-228)-PROT] within the catalytic domain, or mutation of a single His residue of the Zn2+ binding domain (His199), generates stable forms of PROT proteins which are unable to digest PROT or PROT.
No	In addition to co-immunoprecipitation analysis, we have established a rapid and sensitive ELISA assay using immobilized PROT to determine the structural requirements of PROT to form complexes with its inhibitor.
Yes	Only the activated and not the latent forms of wild-type and C-terminal mutant des-(248-450)-PROT proteins are able to form complexes with PROT.
No	Neither mutation of His199, nor deletion mutants des-(161-228)-PROT and des-(161-228/248-450)-PROT, interact with PROT.
Yes	This demonstrates that the C-terminal hemopexin domain of PROT, in contrast to the corresponding regions of PROT and PROT, does not interact with PROT.
Yes	In summary, we have shown that the integrity of the catalytic domain of PROT and its ability to bind Zn2+ is absolutely required for complex formation with PROT, which further underlines the importance of this region for proper regulation of enzymatic activity of PROT.
Yes	Thymocyte activation induces the association of PROT and PROT with PROT.
No	PROT is a glycoprotein expressed on thymocytes, T cells, and a subset of B cells.
No	Antibody-mediated cross-linking studies or studies on PROT knockout mice implicate PROT as a co-stimulatory or negative regulatory molecule.
No	PROT is rapidly phosphorylated on tyrosine (Y) residues following Tcell activation.
No	Y429 and Y441 occur in an imperfect PROT (PROT)-like sequence.
Yes	We investigated whether PROT, which binds to tyrosine-phosphorylated PROT, interacts with PROT following T cell activation.
Yes	PROT activity and the regulatory PROT subunit of PROT associated with PROT in pervanadate-stimulated, but not in unstimulated thymocytes.
No	Cellular PROT as well as the recombinant Src homology 2 (SH2) domains of PROT bound a tyrosine-phosphorylated peptide encompassing Y463 with approximately threefold greater affinity than a doubly tyrosine-phosphorylated Y429-Y441 peptide.
No	Binding of the C-SH2 domain to the Y463 phosphopeptide, together with preferential binding of the N-SH2 domain to the Y429-Y441 phosphopeptide, suggests a bivalent interaction.
Yes	A PROT (PROT) associated with PROT and specifically with the Y429-Y441 phosphopeptide in stimulated thymocytes.
Yes	We conclude that stimulation of thymocytes with pervanadate induces the recruitment of PROT and PROT to PROT.
No	Functional significance of PROT association with beta 1 integrins in human epidermal keratinocytes.
No	PROT is a member of the tetraspan (TM4) family of proteins and is abundantly expressed in the epidermis.
No	As PROT forms complexes with beta 1 integrins and the integrins are known to regulate keratinocyte behaviour, we investigated PROT expression and function in human epidermal keratinocytes.
No	PROT was present in all the living layers of the epidermis, whereas the beta 1 integrins were largely confined to the basal layer; the same relative distribution was found in stratified cultures of keratinocytes.
No	There was extensive co-localisation of PROT and beta 1 integrins on microvilli and at cell-cell borders of basal keratinocytes; however, in contrast to the integrins, PROT was not found in focal adhesions.
No	PROT was detected in beta 1 integrin immunoprecipitates and also in immunoprecipitates of PROT and PROT, but not of cadherins.
No	PROT was associated with alpha 3 beta 1 but not alpha 5 beta 1; small amounts of PROT also co-immunoprecipitated with antibodies to alpha 2 beta 1 and alpha 6 beta 4.
No	Antibodies to PROT did not affect the proportion of keratinocytes that adhered to PROT, PROT and PROT, but did inhibit motility of keratinocytes on tissue culture plastic.
No	Like antibodies to the PROT subunit, anti-PROT inhibited suspension-induced terminal differentiation.
No	These results suggest that PROT may play a role in regulating keartinocyte motility and differentiation.
Yes	PROT prevents PROT/PROT containing PROT complexes formation in terminally differentiated myocytes.
No	Withdrawal from the cell cycle of differentiating myocytes is regulated by the PROT (PROT) protein PROT and the pocket proteins PROT, PROT and PROT2/PROT.
No	Downstream effectors of 'pocket' proteins are the components of the PROT family of transcription factors, which regulate the G1/S-phase transition.
No	We analysed by EMSA the composition of PROT complexes in cycling, quiescent undifferentiated and differentiated C2C12 skeletal muscle cells.
Yes	An PROT complex containing mainly PROT4 and PROT/PROT (PROT-G0/G1 complex) appears when DNA synthesis arrests, replacing the PROT/PROT containing PROT complex of proliferating myoblasts (PROT-G1/S complex).
No	Serum stimulation reinduces DNA synthesis and the re-appearance of PROT-G1/S complexes in quiescent myoblasts but not in differentiated C2C12 myotubes.
No	In differentiating C2C12 cells, PROT complexes switch and DNA synthesis in response to serum are prevented when PROT DNA binding activity and the cdks inhibitor PROT downstream effector PROT are induced.
Yes	Thus, during myogenic differentiation, formation of PROT and PROT/PROT containing complexes is an early event, but not enough on its own to prevent the reactivation of DNA synthesis.
Yes	Using a subclone of C3H10T1/2 mouse fibroblasts stably expressing PROT-PROT (PROT-PROT) chimerae, we found that estrogen directed PROT activation prevents the reassociation of PROT/PROT to the PROT containing complex following serum stimulation and this correlates with suppression of PROT activity and the inability of cells to re-enter the cell cycle.
No	Our data indicate that, in differentiating myocytes, one mechanism through which PROT induces permanent cell cycle arrest involves PROT upregulation and suppression of the proliferation-associated cdks-containing PROT complexes formation.
No	Early events in TNF signaling: a story of associations and dissociations.
No	At the cellular level, the multifunctional cytokine tumor necrosis factor (TNF) modulates growth and activates genes through various intermediates, including protein kinases, protein phosphatases, reactive oxygen intermediates, phospholipases, proteases, sphingomyelinases, and transcription factors.
No	Unlike many cytokine receptors, however, the cytoplasmic domain (CD) of the TNF receptors lacks an intrinsic protein kinase activity and yet on interaction with ligand it phosphorylates various proteins.
No	Although the kinetics of most of these activities differ, their interactions are coordinated through the selective interplay between the CD of the receptors and the associated proteins.
No	A unique pathway has been identified by the ability of the TNF receptors to associate with a novel family of proteins.
No	Two distinct families of proteins have emerged, the TNF receptor-associated factors (TRAFs) and the death domain homologues.
Yes	The cloning of members of these gene families and the identification of the protein-interaction motifs found within their gene products has initiated the molecular identity of factors (PROT, PROT/PROT, PROT, PROT/PROT, and TRAFs) associated with both of the PROT and PROT forms of the TNF receptor and with other members of the TNF receptor superfamily.
No	In this review, we summarize these and other TNF receptor-associated proteins and their potential roles in regulating the activation of PROT and apoptosis, two major responses activated by engagement of TNF receptors by the ligand.
No	Protein binding and signaling properties of PROT suggest a unique effector function.
Yes	Human PROT was first characterized as a PROT binding protein based on the properties of its carboxyl-terminal domain.
Yes	We now show that full-length PROT interacts with activated PROT in mammalian cells and defines a minimum region of 434 aa required for efficient PROT binding.
Yes	PROT interacts with the "effector domain" of PROT and employs some PROT determinants that are common to, and others that are distinct from, those required for the binding of PROT, a known PROT effector.
Yes	The same domain of PROT that binds PROT also interacts with 14-3-3 proteins, extending the similarity between PROT and other PROT effectors.
Yes	When expressed in mammalian cells, the PROT binding domain of PROT can act as a dominant negative signal transduction blocker.
No	The amino-terminal domain of PROT contains a proline-rich sequence similar to consensus Src homology 3 (SH3) binding regions.
Yes	This PROT sequence shows preferential binding to the PROT domain in vitro.
Yes	Moreover, the amino-terminal domain of PROT directly associates with, and is tyrosine phosphorylated by, PROT.
No	In addition, PROT encodes a functional SH2 domain that has the potential to activate downstream signals.
No	These data suggest that PROT is able to mediate multiple signals.
No	A differential pattern of expression and alternate splicing indicate several levels of PROT regulation.
Yes	Cross-family interaction between the bHLHZip PROT and bZip PROT proteins results in down-regulation of PROT activity.
No	Heterodimerization among the basic-leucine zipper (bZIP) proteins or among the basic-helix-loop-helix-leucine zipper (bHLHZip) proteins confers a multitude of combinational activities to these transcription factors.
No	To further examine the function of the bHLHZip protein, PROT, we screened for cellular proteins which could directly interact with PROT using the yeast two-hybrid system.
Yes	A bZip protein, PROT, was found to efficiently interact with PROT.
Yes	PROT specifically interacts with PROT but not with other closely related family members, PROT, PROT, PROT, or with PROT.
Yes	Both the bHLHZip and the N-terminal regions of PROT are required for efficient interaction with PROT.
Yes	In vivo association between PROT and PROT has been demonstrated by co-immunoprecipitation.
No	Expression of exogenous PROT led to a decrease in PROT-dependent transcription in F9 cells.
No	Co-expression of exogenous PROT restored the PROT activity in a dose-dependent manner.
Yes	These data show that PROT and PROT physically and functionally interact demonstrating that cross-talk occurs between factors of distantly related transcription families.
No	Ligands for ErbB-family receptors encoded by a neuregulin-like gene.
No	Neuregulins (also called ARIA, GGF, heregulin or NDF) are a group of polypeptide factors that arise from alternative RNA splicing of a single gene.
No	Through their interaction with the ErbB family of receptors (PROT, PROT and PROT), neuregulins help to regulate cell growth and differentiation in many tissues.
No	Here we report the cloning of a second neuregulin-like gene, PROT.
No	The encoded product of the PROT gene has a motif structure similar to that of neuregulins and an alternative splicing site in the PROT(PROT)-like domain gives rise to two isoforms (alpha and beta).
No	Northern blot and in situ hybridization analysis of adult rat tissues indicate that expression of PROT is highest in the cerebellum, and the expression pattern is different from that of neuregulins.
Yes	Recombinant PROT induces the tyrosine-phosphorylation of PROT, PROT and PROT in cell lines expressing all of these ErbB-family receptors.
Yes	However, in cell lines with defined combinations of ErbBs, PROT only activates those with PROT and/or PROT, suggesting that signalling by PROT is mediated by PROT and/or PROT receptors.
Yes	Interaction between PROT protein and PROT in response to DNA damage.
No	The gene mutated in the autosomal recessive disorder ataxia telangiectasia (AT), designated PROT (for 'PROT'), is a member of a family of phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase-like enzymes that are involved in cell-cycle control, meiotic recombination, telomere length monitoring and DNA-damage response.
No	Previous results have demonstrated that AT cells are hypersensitive to ionizing radiation and are defective at the G1/S checkpoint after radiation damage.
Yes	Because cells lacking the protein tyrosine kinase PROT are also defective in radiation-induced G1 arrest, we investigated the possibility that PROT might interact with PROT in response to radiation damage.
Yes	Here we show that PROT binds PROT constitutively in control cells but not in AT cells.
Yes	Our results demonstrate that the SH3 domain of PROT interacts with a DPAPNPPHFP motif (residues 1,373-1,382) of PROT.
No	The results also reveal that radiation-induction of PROT tyrosine kinase activity is diminished in AT cells.
Yes	These findings indicate that PROT is involved in the activation of PROT by DNA damage and this interaction may in part mediate radiation-induced G1 arrest.
No	Multiple mechanisms of transcriptional repression by PROT.
No	The four C-terminal GLI-Kruppel type zinc fingers of PROT have been identified as a transcriptional repression domain.
No	Previous reports have proposed DNA-bending and activator-quenching mechanisms for this zinc finger-mediated repression.
No	In addition, previous work indicated that PROT and PROT might be involved in PROT-mediated repression.
No	We have analyzed these possible models for the zinc finger-mediated repression.
No	The role of each zinc finger in the repression and DNA-binding functions was determined by using a structure-and-function approach.
No	We show that zinc finger 2 of PROT plays a central role in both DNA binding and transcriptional repression.
No	However, a survey of a panel of PROT mutants indicates that these two functions can be separated, which argues against the DNA-bending model for repression.
Yes	We show that the physical interaction between PROT and PROT, a coactivator for PROT, is not sufficient for repression of PROT-mediated transcription.
No	Our studies indicate that PROT functions as an activator-specific repressor.
No	Repression of PROT-directed transcription may be accomplished through direct physical interaction between PROT and this activator.
No	In contrast, physical interaction is not necessary for PROT to repress PROT- and PROT-mediated transcription.
No	Rather, the repression likely reflects an ability of PROT to interfere with communication between these activators and their targets within the general transcription machinery.
No	Taken together, our results suggest that PROT employs multiple mechanisms to achieve activator-specific repression.
Yes	Proto-oncoprotein PROT interacts with PROT in activated thymocytes and peripheral T cells.
Yes	The molecular adapter PROT is rapidly tyrosine phosphorylated following stimulation through the PROT and associates with PROT homology domain-2 (SH2)/SH3 domain-containing adapters such as PROT, PROT, and PROT-L, which interact with guanine nucleotide exchange factors specific for the Ras family.
No	This suggests that PROT may link PROT activation to molecules that regulate GTP binding proteins.
No	The SH2/SH3-containing protein PROT also contains a guanine nucleotide exchange factor domain, and PROT has a crucial role in thymocyte development and activation of peripheral T cells following stimulation through the PROT.
Yes	Here we show that PROT and PROT form inducible molecular complexes in PROT-activated murine thymocytes and peripheral T cells as well as pervanadate-treated T cells.
Yes	PROT/PROT interactions are also detectable in freshly isolated T cells from gene-targeted mice that lack the T cell-specific inhibitory receptor PROT, in which PROT is hyperphosphorylated on tyrosine residues.
Yes	The interaction between PROT and PROT is directly mediated via the SH2 domain of PROT and is dependent on tyrosine phosphorylation of PROT.
Yes	In addition, we show that the conserved motif Y699 MTP present in PROT is the binding site for the PROT SH2 domain in vitro.
No	These data imply that PROT is a molecular adapter that regulates the function of PROT in thymocytes and peripheral T cells.
Yes	Induction of cell migration by PROT cleavage of PROT.
No	Structural changes in the extracellular matrix are necessary for cell migration during tissue remodeling and tumor invasion.
Yes	Specific cleavage of PROT (PROT) by PROT (PROT) was shown to induce migration of breast epithelial cells.
Yes	PROT cleaved the PROT gamma2 subunit at residue 587, exposing a putative cryptic promigratory site on PROT that triggers cell motility.
No	This altered form of PROT is found in tumors and in tissues undergoing remodeling, but not in quiescent tissues.
Yes	Cleavage of PROT by PROT and the resulting activation of the PROT cryptic site may provide new targets for modulation of tumor cell invasion and tissue remodeling.
Yes	The PROT-PROTGAP complex: structural basis for GTPase activation and its loss in oncogenic PROT mutants.
Yes	The three-dimensional structure of the complex between human PROT bound to guanosine diphosphate and the guanosine triphosphatase (GTPase)-activating domain of the human PROT PROT (PROT) in the presence of aluminum fluoride was solved at a resolution of 2.5 angstroms.
No	The structure shows the partly hydrophilic and partly hydrophobic nature of the communication between the two molecules, which explains the sensitivity of the interaction toward both salts and lipids.
No	An arginine side chain (arginine-789) of PROT is supplied into the active site of PROT to neutralize developing charges in the transition state.
Yes	The switch II region of PROT is stabilized by PROT, thus allowing glutamine-61 of PROT, mutation of which activates the oncogenic potential, to participate in catalysis.
No	The structural arrangement in the active site is consistent with a mostly associative mechanism of phosphoryl transfer and provides an explanation for the activation of PROT by glycine-12 and glutamine-61 mutations.
No	Glycine-12 in the transition state mimic is within van der Waals distance of both arginine-789 of PROT and glutamine-61 of PROT, and even its mutation to alanine would disturb the arrangements of residues in the transition state.
Yes	Characterization of PROT (PROT, PROT)-PROT ligand interaction.
Yes	The death-inducing receptor PROT is activated when cross-linked by the type II membrane protein PROT ligand (PROTL).
No	When human soluble PROT (sPROT, containing the extracellular portion) was expressed in human embryo kidney 293 cells, the three N-linked glycans of each PROT monomer were found to be essential for efficient secretion.
Yes	Based on the structure of the closely related PROT-PROT complex, a molecular model of the PROT homotrimer bound to three PROT molecules was generated using knowledge-based protein modeling methods.
No	Point mutations of amino acid residues predicted to affect the receptor-ligand interaction were introduced at three sites.
No	The F275L mutant, mimicking the loss of function murine gld mutation, exhibited a high propensity for aggregation and was unable to bind to PROT.
No	Mutants P206R, P206D, and P206F displayed reduced cytotoxicity toward PROT-positive cells with a concomitant decrease in the binding affinity for the recombinant PROT-immunoglobulin Fc fusion proteins.
Yes	Although the cytotoxic activity of mutant Y218D was unaltered, mutant Y218R was inactive, correlating with the prediction that Tyr-218 of PROT interacts with a cluster of three basic amino acid side chains of PROT.
No	Interestingly, mutant Y218F could induce apoptosis in murine, but not human cells.
No	Mutational analysis of PROT for identification of receptor and neutralizing antibody sites.
No	PROT (PROT) is a hematopoietin important for megakaryocyte proliferation and production of blood platelets.
Yes	We sought to characterize how PROT binds and activates its receptor, PROT.
No	The PROT-like domain of PROT (PROT1-153) has been fused to the PROT coat protein of M13 bacteriophage.
No	Forty residues were chosen for mutation to alanine using the criteria that they were charged residues or predicted to be solvent-exposed, based on a homology model.
No	Phage enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was used to determine affinities for binding to both the PROT receptor and five anti-PROT1-153 monoclonal antibodies.
No	Mutations at mostly positively charged residues (Asp8, Lys14, Lys52, Lys59, Lys136, Lys138, Arg140) caused the greatest reduction in receptor-binding affinity.
No	Most of these residues mapped to helices-1 and -4 and a loop region between helix-1 and helix-2.
No	Two of the monoclonal antibodies that blocked PROT binding and bioactivity had determinants in helix-4.
No	In contrast, the other three monoclonal antibodies, which were effective at blocking PROT activity but did not block initial binding of PROT to its receptor, had epitopes predominantly on helix or 3.
No	These results suggest that PROT has two distinct receptor-binding sites that function to dimerize PROT receptors in a sequential fashion.
Yes	PROT negatively regulates PROT activity by interactions with the PROT cysteine-rich domain.
No	Although PROT is a critical effector of PROT signaling and transformation, the mechanism by which PROT promotes PROT activation is complex and remains poorly understood.
Yes	We recently reported that PROT interaction with the PROT cysteine-rich domain (PROT, residues 139-184) may be required for PROT activation.
No	The PROT is located in the NH2-terminal negative regulatory domain of PROT and is highly homologous to cysteine-rich domains found in protein kinase C family members.
No	Recent studies indicate that the structural integrity of the PROT is also critical for PROT interaction with 14-3-3 proteins.
No	However, whether 14-3-3 proteins interact directly with the PROT and how this interaction may mediate PROT function has not been determined.
Yes	In the present study, we demonstrate that PROT binds directly to the isolated PROT.
Yes	Moreover, mutation of PROT residues 143-145 impairs binding of 14-3-3, but not PROT, to the PROT.
No	Introduction of mutations that impair 14-3-3 binding resulted in full-length PROT mutants with enhanced transforming activity.
No	Thus, 14-3-3 interaction with the PROT may serve in negative regulation of PROT function by facilitating dissociation of 14-3-3 from the NH2 terminus of PROT to promote subsequent events necessary for full activation of PROT.
Yes	Interactions between PROT and the PROT receptor. Identification of two ligand binding domains in soluble PROT by affinity separation and chemical cross-linking.
Yes	The extracellular domain of the human neurotrophin PROT receptor expressed in Chinese hamster ovary cells is a highly glycosylated protein, possessing binding ability for PROT (PROT).
No	Two distinct ligand binding domains of PROT were isolated from proteolytic digests of the receptor by affinity separation on immobilized PROT.
No	One of these domains consists of amino acid residues 103-181 and contains both the third leucine-rich motif and the second cysteine cluster domain.
No	The second domain is close to the second immunoglobulin-like domain (amino acid residues 342-394).
No	Each of these two domains can bind PROT independently.
No	Disulfide linkages present in the first domain are necessary for PROT binding, probably because of preservation of the native conformation.
No	To study the second domain in greater detail, a truncated form of PROT containing the second immunoglobulin-like domain (residues 248-398) was expressed in Escherichia coli.
No	This domain was cross-linked to PROT through a 1-ethyl-3-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)carbodiimide coupling reaction.
No	Several synthetic peptides corresponding to amino acid residues 343-379 were able to bind immobilized PROT.
No	Amino acid substitution and cross-linking analysis indicated that amino acids Phe347, Asp354, and Tyr361 are intimately involved in PROT binding.
Yes	These results, obtained from a variety of experimental techniques, highlight the importance of two distinct regions of the extracellular domain of the PROT receptor in binding PROT.
Yes	A region of the beta subunit of the PROT receptor different from box 1 interacts with PROT and is sufficient to activate the PROT-Stat pathway and induce an antiviral state.
No	Coexpression of the alpha and betaL subunits of the human PROT (PROT) receptor is required for the induction of an antiviral state by human PROT.
No	To explore the role of the different domains of the betaL subunit in PROT signaling, we coexpressed wild-type alpha subunit and truncated forms of the betaL chain in L-929 cells.
No	Our results demonstrated that the first 82 amino acids (AAs) (AAs 265-346) of the cytoplasmic domain of the betaL chain are sufficient to activate the PROT-Stat pathway and trigger an antiviral state after PROT binding to the receptor.
No	This region of the betaL chain, required for PROT binding and activation, contains the Box 1 motif that is important for the interaction of some cytokine receptors with PROT kinases.
No	However, using glutathione S-transferase fusion proteins containing amino- and carboxyl-terminal deletions of the betaL cytoplasmic domain, we demonstrate that the main PROT-binding region (corresponding to AAs 300-346 on the beta subunit) is distinct from the Box 1 domain (AAs 287-295).
No	A PROT yeast two hybrid screen reveals interactions with 14-3-3 isoforms and cytoskeletal components.
Yes	The protein product of PROT proto-oncogene is known to interact with several proteins, including PROT, PROT and PROT, and is thought to regulate signalling by many cell surface receptors.
Yes	The precise function of PROT in these pathways is not clear, although a genetic analysis in Caenorhabditis elegans suggests that PROT is a negative regulator of the PROT receptor.
No	Here we describe a yeast two hybrid screen performed with PROT in an attempt to further elucidate its role in signal transduction.
Yes	The screen identified interactions involving PROT and two 14-3-3 isoforms, PROT, human unconventional myosin IC, and a recently identified SH3 domain containing protein, PROT.
No	We have used the yeast two hybrid assay to localise regions of PROT required for its interaction with each of the proteins.
No	Interaction with 14-3-3 is demonstrated in mammalian cell extracts.
Yes	Interaction between cell cycle regulator, PROT, and PROT mediates repression of HIV-1 gene transcription.
No	The PROT/PROT family of transcription factors is one of the main targets of cytokines and other agents that induce HIV-1 gene expression.
Yes	Some of these extracellular stimuli arrest cells in the G1 phase of the mitotic division cycle and modulate the activity of the tumor suppressor protein PROT and its partner PROT.
No	Earlier studies indicated that PROT, a transcription factor that stimulates expression of S-phase-specific genes, is able to repress transcription directed by the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1) type-1 promoter in a variety of cells, including those of glial and lymphocytic origin.
Yes	Here, we demonstrate that PROT may regulate the activity of the HIV-1 long terminal repeat through its ability to bind sequences in the PROT enhancer region and to interact with the PROT subunit, PROT.
No	Gel retardation and methylation interference assays show that PROT is able to bind specifically to a site embedded within the two PROT elements.
No	Gel retardation/immunoblot analysis using purified PROT and PROT homodimers reveals the presence of complexes containing both proteins.
Yes	Affinity chromatography and co-immunoprecipitation assays provide evidence for direct interaction of PROT and PROT in the absence of their DNA target sequences.
No	In vitro transcription assay demonstrates that PROT represses PROT mediated transcription in a cell-free system.
No	Functional studies in Jurkat T lymphocytic cells point to the importance of both the PROT and PROT binding sites in PROT-1 mediated repression of HIV-1 promoter, in vivo.
Yes	The results of this study suggest that PROT activity may be regulated by its interaction with the cell cycle regulatory protein, PROT.
No	PROT- and PROT-dependent PROT surface expression correlates with the binding of an MHC class I leader peptide.
No	BACKGROUND: The human major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class lb molecule PROT is transcribed in most tissues but little is known about its localisation within the cell.
No	We have recently shown that PROT binds signal-sequence-derived peptides from human MHC class I molecules in vitro.
No	RESULTS: Using a newly characterised antibody recognising PROT, we show that PROT is expressed at the cell surface.
No	We demonstrate that PROT surface expression is correlated with the presence of MHC class I molecules which provide suitable leader sequence peptides capable of binding to PROT.
Yes	Further studies on the interaction of PROT with molecules in the endoplasmic reticulum revealed that PROT associates with the PROT (PROT) and PROT, and that PROT expression is PROT-dependent and tapasin-dependent.
Yes	In addition, PROT dissociates from PROT upon binding of MHC class I leader sequence peptides.
No	CONCLUSION: These experiments establish that surface expression of PROT is regulated by the binding of a restricted pool of peptides from the leader sequence of MHC class I molecules.
No	The correlation between PROT and MHC class I surface expression might be relevant to the function of PROT.
No	Our results also show that, although these PROT binding peptides are derived from signal sequences, they may be released back into the cytosol and subsequently translocated by the PROT complex and loaded onto PROT molecules.
