Yes	PROT inhibits PROT signaling by preventing formation of a PROT*PROT*DNA complex.
Yes	A binary complex of birch PROT and PROT could be isolated by gel chromatography.
Yes	Birch PROT increased the critical concentration required for muscle and PROT polymerization in a concentration-dependent manner, supporting the notion of the formation of a heterologous complex between the plant protein and animal PROT.
Yes	Interaction of plant PROT with mammalian PROT.
Yes	In viscometric assays, the birch protein was seen to modulate PROT filament formation analogous to animal PROT.
Yes	These data indicate that the PROT-binding domains in plant and animal PROT are functionally highly conserved, although the overall sequence similarity is less than 25%.
No	Abnormal immunoreactivity in the tumor tissue was observed in 18 patients (34.0%) for PROT, in 35 (66.0%) for PROT, in 20 (37.7%) for PROT, and in 37 (69.8%) for PROT.
Yes	Absence of PROT leads to structurally aberrant neuromuscular synapses deficient in PROT.
Yes	Thus, PROT has an important role in synapse formation and in the organization of PROT, PROT, and PROT at the neuromuscular synapse.
Yes	Abundance of PROT, PROT, alpha 5 and PROT, PROT PROT, and PROT is not affected by the differential PROT expression.
Yes	Acanthamoeba PROT and PROT can be cross-linked between glutamic acid 364 of PROT and lysine 115 of PROT.
Yes	Acanthamoeba PROT was cross-linked to PROT via a zero-length isopeptide bond using carbodiimide.
No	Since the NH2 terminus of PROT is blocked, Edman degradation gave only the sequence of the conjugated PROT CNBr fragment beginning with Trp-356.
Yes	Acanthamoeba PROT affects the mechanical properties of nonfilamentous PROT.
Yes	In contrast, PROT had little effect on the rigidity and viscosity of PROT filaments.
No	We speculate that nonfilamentous PROT and PROT, both of which form shear-sensitive structures, can be modeled as flocculant materials.
Yes	Acanthamoeba PROT has similar but weaker effects on PROT, requiring 5 to 10 times more PROT than with amoeba PROT.
Yes	Acanthamoeba PROT strongly inhibits in a concentration-dependent fashion the rate and extent of Acanthamoeba PROT polymerization in 50 mM KCl.
Yes	Addition of PROT to polymerized PROT causes it to depolymerize until a new steady-state, dependent on PROT concentration, is achieved.
No	Mechanism of action of Acanthamoeba PROT: demonstration of PROT species specificity and regulation by micromolar concentrations of MgCl2.
Yes	MgCl2 strongly inhibits these effects of PROT, most likely by binding to the high-affinity divalent cation site on the PROT.
No	Accordingly, PROT is also found in these structures, again in the absence of PROT.
Yes	In addition to its presence in cell-cell adhesion sites, we have found PROT, but not PROT, in the Z-discs of heart and skeletal striated muscles.
Yes	A chimera consisting of the PROT-binding region of PROT linked to the amino terminus of PROT behaves as a monomer in solution, as expected, since PROT binding disrupts the PROT dimer.
Yes	Acidic domain of the PROTROT (PROT) of vesicular stomatitis virus differentially interacts with homologous and heterologous PROTROT (PROT).
No	A common feature of these PROT-positive domains is the deep membrane infoldings, where bundles of PROT filaments are inserted into the membrane.
Yes	A core activity associated with the N terminus of the yeast PROT protein is revealed by PROT overexpression suppression of C-terminal PROT truncation alleles.
Yes	PROT appears to control at least four functions that collectively lead to PROT-based motility: (1) initiation of PROT polymerization, (2) polarization of PROT function, (3) transformation of PROT polymerization into a motile force and (4) acceleration of movement mediated by the host protein PROT.
Yes	PROT such as PROT and PROT bind to phosphatidylinositol (PI) 4,5-bisphosphate (PI 4,5-P2) and regulate the concentration of monomeric PROT.
No	These studies suggest that PROT and PROT may control the generation of 3-OH phosphorylated phosphoinositides, which in turn may regulate the PROT polymerization.
Yes	This effect is specific to PROT and PROT because other cytoskeletal proteins such as PROT or PROT do not affect PROT activity.
Yes	PROT such as PROT participate in the restructuration of the PROT cytoskeleton in plant cells.
Yes	PROT (PROT) and PROT define a family of PROT-binding proteins essential for the rapid turnover of filamentous PROT in vivo.
No	PROT expression was reduced by 25-50%, relative to that of PROT, in smooth muscle of KO mice, without any change in the relative distribution of the PROT isoforms.
No	We conclude that the faster Vus of smooth muscle of the KO mouse is consistent with, but does not prove without further study, physiological regulation of the crossbridge cycle by PROT.
Yes	PROT isoforms from different species were also compared, and the effect of PROT on the thermal stability of PROT was studied.
Yes	[Activation induces dephosphorylation of PROT (an PROT/PIP2-binding protein) and its translocation to plasma membranes in leukocytes].
Yes	Active, Ser133-phosphorylated PROT effects transcription of CRE-dependent genes via interaction with the 265-kDa co-activator protein PROT, PROT, which bridges the CRE/PROT complex to components of the basal transcriptional apparatus.
No	PROT and PROT have opposite effects on the rate of exchange of nucleotide bound to PROT monomers.
Yes	Additional studies demonstrated the PROT distribution to be remarkably similar to that of PROT, whereas PROT staining was more diffuse in the cytoplasm of airway epithelial and gland bud cells.
Yes	Addition of Acanthamoeba PROT in molar ratios to PROT of about 1.1:1 and 2.3:1 retarded the initial kinetics of assembly (induced by addition of 2mM Mg+2) and reduced the fraction of PROT incorporated into filaments.
No	Addition of EGTA (3 mM) to the extracellular media completely inhibited the cleavage of PROT, PROT, and PROT in response to A23187 (1 microM).
No	Adherens junction proteins (PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT) and the proliferation marker PROT were localized in the cultures by fluorescence microscopy, and in vitro wound healing was compared.
Yes	A distinct modulating domain in PROT monomers in the repression of activity of the transcription factor PROT.
Yes	ADP-ribosylation of PROT at Arg 177 by Clostridium perfringens PROT increased the nucleotide dissociation rate from 2.2 x 10(-3) s-1 to 4.5 x 10(-3) s-1 without affecting the PROT-induced stimulation of nucleotide exchange.
Yes	In contrast, ADP-ribosylation of PROT at Arg95/Arg372 induced by turkey PROT decreased the nucleotide dissociation rate to 1.5 x 10(3) s-1 and inhibited the PROT-induced stimulation of nucleotide exchange.
No	After 24 or 48 hours of shear, staining for PROT, PROT, and PROT was intense and peripheral, forming a band of "dashes" (adherens plaques) that colocalized with the ends of stress fibers that inserted along the lateral membranes of cells.
No	Cells were fixed and stained with antibodies to vascular endothelial (VE) cadherin, PROT, PROT, or PROT.
Yes	After digestion of the 60 kDa fragment with cyanogen bromide, the N-terminal 21-amino acid sequence of one of the resulting peptides was found to show sequence similarity to a region near the PROT-binding site (amino acid residues 260-281) of yeast PROT.
No	After elution of the three PROT-binding proteins, PROT and PROT were recovered from the PROT column with 2 M urea solution.
Yes	After in vitro labelling of isolated rat liver nuclei, the following ADP-ribosylated and unmodified PROTs were identified by HPLC and gel electrophoresis: PROT PROT(0), four PROT PROT subfractions, PROT PROT, PROT PROT, oxidized PROT PROT, PROT PROT, PROT PROT, PROT PROT, three PROT PROT variants and PROT PROT.
No	A further outcome of this study is that the PROT filament core bundles in microvilli of chicken pigment epithelial cells are presumed to contain a crosslinking protein, which is not immunologically related to either PROT, PROT or PROT of the intestinal brush border.
Yes	A highly significant correlation was observed between the loss of expression of PROT, PROT and PROT, but not PROT, with increased TNM stage (p <0.05).
No	Loss of normal surface PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT expression was found in 52/68 (76.4%) tumors, 57/68 (83.8%) tumors, 54/68 (79.4%) tumors and 54/68 (79.4%) tumors (p <0.001).
No	MATERIALS AND METHODS: We used an PROT-biotin immunoperoxidase technique to examine the cellular localization of PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT in 68 TCC and 14 normal bladder biopsies.
No	RESULTS: PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT were expressed in a normal membranous pattern in all normal bladder epithelium specimens.
No	AIMS: To investigate the disturbance of intercellular adhesion in adenoid cystic carcinoma (ACC), we examined the ultrastructural localization of PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT) and PROT (PROT) in ACC, and compared it with that in the normal labial gland.
Yes	PROT interacts with PROT to disassemble PROT filaments.
Yes	PROT localizes to cortical PROT patches in yeast cells, and this localization is disrupted by specific PROT and PROT mutations.
Yes	A two-hybrid-based approach using PROT and PROT mutants identified residues necessary for the interaction of PROT, PROT, and PROT in an apparent ternary complex.
Yes	Here, we report that PROT also interacts with the ubiquitous PROT PROT.
Yes	We conclude that PROT is a PROT-associated protein that enhances the filament disassembly activity of PROT and restricts PROT localization to cortical PROT patches.
Yes	A PROT mutant with replacement of threonine 505 by valine abolished PROT activities for PROT phosphorylation and PROT cytoskeletal changes, whereas replacement by glutamate enhanced the PROT activity and stress fiber formation by PROT.
Yes	All of the experimental data were quantitatively accounted for on the basis of a 1:1 complex between PROT and monomeric PROT with a Kr between 4 and 9 microM, the same value obtained previously in the absence of MgCl2.
Yes	The interaction of Acanthamoeba PROT and Acanthamoeba PROT was evaluated as a function of ionic conditions.
Yes	All these results suggest that PROT is a new type of PROT-associated protein.
Yes	The centrifugation assay and the PROT inhibition assay demonstrate that PROT binds to PROT filaments in a 1:1 molar ratio of PROT to PROT monomer in the filament and that PROT increases the monomeric PROT to a limited extent (up to 1.1-1.5 microM monomer) in the presence of physiological concentrations of Mg2+ and KCl.
Yes	The gel point assay using an PROT cross-linking protein and the nucleation assay also suggested that PROT shortens the PROT filaments and hence increases the filament number.
Yes	Although binding patterns of different sera were not identical, almost all sera caused PROT binding to platelet components of 87-90 kD, 140 kD (identified as PROT) and 220-240 kD (tentatively identified as PROT and PROT).
Yes	Although both receptors are involved in M21 and H2981 cell adhesion to PROT, only a PROT can be detected in focal contacts, colocalizing with PROT, PROT, and the ends of PROT filaments, while PROT shows a distinct, nonfocal contact, distribution on the cell surface.
Yes	Although PROT released PROT at the appropriate time to stimulate PROT assembly during exposure to chemoattractants, the concentration of PROT in PMN was insufficient to explain the high unpolymerized PROT content in unstimulated PMN and the quantity of PROT released from PROT too small to account for the large shifts from unpolymerized to polymerized PROT associated with maximal chemoattractant stimulation.
No	Determination of the total PROT and PROT concentrations in PMN revealed that the molar ratio of PROT to PROT was 1 to 5.2.
Yes	We examined the role of the PROT monomer sequestering protein, PROT, in the regulation of PMN PROT filament assembly during chemoattractant stimulation using a Triton extraction method.
Yes	Although PROT has been suggested to act as a linkage protein mediating the attachment of PROT-IIIa to PROT filaments, direct binding of PROT-IIIa to this cytoskeletal protein has not been demonstrated.
Yes	Although co-localization of PROT with PROT filaments was not clearly demonstrated in the pancreatic beta-cell line MIN6, islet PROT was found to be present in both the nucleus and the cytoplasm, though predominantly in the nucleus.
Yes	A portion of PROT appeared to be co-localized with PROT filaments in the cytoplasm of cultured rat hepatocytes incubated with 25 mM glucose.
Yes	Co-localization of PROT with PROT filaments.
Yes	When liver- or PROT was transiently expressed in COS-7 cells, the expressed PROT was also co-localized with PROT filaments in the cytoplasm of these transfected cells.
Yes	Although neither activation of PROT (PROT) by the dominant PROT-20 mutation nor increased dosage of PROT (PROT) or PROT (PROT) mimicked PROT as a PROT dosage suppressor, extra copies of genes encoding upstream components of the PROT pathway such as PROT, PROT, PROT/PROT/PROT and PROT also suppressed PROT effectively.
Yes	Although platelets contain only 1 PROT for every 5-10 PROT molecules, these complex reactions may allow substoichiometric PROT to have an important influence on PROT assembly.
Yes	Kinetic simulation showed that the PROT exchanges between PROT monomers on a subsecond time scale that allows it to catalyze nucleotide exchange.
Yes	On the other hand, polymerization assays give disparate results that are inconsistent with the binding assays and each other: PROT has different effects on elongation at the two ends of PROT filaments; PROT inhibits the elongation of platelet PROT much more strongly than muscle PROT; and simple formation of 1:1 complexes of PROT with PROT cannot account for the strong inhibition of spontaneous polymerization.
No	Although striated myotubules were identified within the urethra by hematoxylin and eosin staining starting on postnatal day 1, PROT protein was absent in the embryonic and neonatal development of the sphincter, and it was expressed only in the mature myotubule of adults.
No	PROT was expressed throughout the urethral sphincter of embryonic and neonatal animals.
Yes	Although the chemical basis of these results is not known, they indicate that PROT can tightly sequester PROT monomers and support the earlier suggestion that the affinity of PROT for PROT may be under metabolic control.
Yes	Recent evidence that PROT inhibits PROT and enhances nucleotide exchange of PROT has led some to question whether PROT is ever truly an PROT monomer sequestering agent.
Yes	A major point of interest was to clarify whether rheological, high precision measurements can yield quantitative information about the influence of PROT and PROT on the structure, chain dynamics, elasticity and viscoelasticity of PROT filaments with time.
Yes	The viscoelasticity of entangled PROT networks: the influence of defects and modulation by PROT and PROT.
Yes	A model is proposed for the function of PROT in PROT-based motility.
Yes	As a consequence, in the presence of PROT (PROT), low amounts of PROT promote extensive PROT assembly off of the pool of PROT-PROT complex.
Yes	How PROT promotes PROT filament assembly in the presence of PROT.
Yes	The role of PROT in the regulation of PROT assembly has been reexamined.
Yes	When barbed ends are capped, PROT simply sequesters globular PROT.
Yes	PROT binds PROT likely to promote PROT polymerization.
No	PROT plays a fundamental role in mispair recognition whereas PROT and PROT appear to modify the specificity of this recognition.
Yes	PROT is a PROT homologue enriched in epithelial cells and forms a complex with PROT, a PROT localized to the apical plasma membrane.
Yes	Even the PROT mutants that do not detectably bind PROT 3 were membrane associated in Caco-2 cells, suggesting that the PROT interaction is not the sole determinant of PROT protein membrane attachment.
Yes	The in vitro and in vivo binding patterns were highly similar, and the association of the PROT variants with PROT correlated well with their ability to displace PROT from PROT complexes when overexpressed in Caco-2 cells.
No	This implies that PROT function in apical membrane trafficking involves aspects independent of the PROT interaction.
Yes	Analyses of PROT or PROT immunoprecipitates from BMMC lysate revealed that PROT, PROT, and PROT were co-precipitated, suggesting that PROT and PROT form a complex in mast cells.
Yes	Analyses of dynamic light scattering data by stretched exponential fit show that PROT has a negligible influence on internal PROT filament dynamics and PROT bending stiffness which contrasts with our previous observations with PROT, another PROT and PROT-binding protein from focal adhesions.
No	Analysis of PROT: PROT crystals reveals an extensive intermolecular network, rather than a discrete "monomeric complex", comprising stacked PROT ribbons held in place by columns of PROT molecules, wedged in between neighboring PROT subunits and running perpendicular to the ribbons.
No	Molecular packing in PROT: PROT crystals and its implications.
No	Analysis of changes in state suggests that PROT protein has a role in the establishment but not the maintenance of repression of silent mating type genes, whereas PROT, PROT, and PROT are required for maintenance.
Yes	Analysis of the formation of the calf spleen complex in the presence of varying concentrations of divalent cations gave evidence for the presence of a high-affinity divalent-cation-binding site on the spleen actin (beta, gamma) which appears to regulate the interaction with PROT.
Yes	The interaction between calf spleen PROT and PROT depends critically on the status of the C-terminus of the PROT, and in the case of PROT, the C-terminus is of great importance for the physiochemical behaviour of the protein.
No	Analysis of the u.v. absorbance and far-u.v. circular dichroism spectra of PROT and PROT did not reveal any major changes in the conformation of the proteins accompanying the modifications at the C-terminal ends.
Yes	Analysis of this product by peptide mapping (Sutoh (1982) Biochemistry 21, 3654-3661) showed that PROT was cross-linked with the N-terminal segment of PROT containing residues 1-12.
Yes	Purification of PROT, a 21,000 molecular weight PROT-binding protein, from porcine kidney and identification of the PROT-binding site in the PROT sequence.
Yes	Analysis of V3, a hamster equivalent of SCID, indicates that the protein level increases of PROT and PROT from G0 to G1/S/G2 do not require PROT.
No	In this study, cell cycle-dependent expression of human and rodent PROT and PROT proteins was monitored using two approaches.
Yes	Analysis of various truncated PROT molecules revealed that amino-terminal residues 48-163 are able to bind to PROT and PROT.
Yes	Consistent with the observation that PROT and PROT bind to the same region of PROT, PROT competed with the binding of PROT to PROT and vice versa.
Yes	Using an in vitro assay system involving bacterially expressed proteins, we localized a region in PROT required for molecular interaction with PROT and PROT.
Yes	When transfected into L cells expressing PROT, the amino-terminal region of PROT (from residue 1 to 226) formed complexes with PROT supporting the in vitro binding experiment results.
Yes	An assembly of the PROT and PROT subunits retains both enzymic activities, and the PROT protein has been implicated in modulating these functions, facilitating efficient nuclear uptake of the complex and interacting with other viral DNA replication proteins.
Yes	Deletion mutants of the herpes simplex virus type 1 PROT protein: effect on DNA synthesis and ability to interact with and influence the intracellular localization of the PROT and PROT proteins.
Yes	The herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) PROT, an essential component of the viral DNA replication machinery, is a trimeric complex of the virus-coded PROT, PROT, and PROT2 proteins.
Yes	An association was seen between PROT and PROT expression, in both effusions and solid tumours, and for PROT in solid tumours (range p<0. 001 to p=0.014).
Yes	An atomic model of PROT filaments cross-linked by PROT and its implications for bundle assembly and function.
Yes	An oligomeric form of simian virus 40 PROT is immunologically related to the cellular tumor antigen PROT.
Yes	The cellular tumor antigen PROT is bound to the simian virus 40 (SV40) PROT in SV40-infected and -transformed cells.
Yes	Another PROT, PROT, and PROT increased slightly, whereas PROT and PROT remained unchanged.
Yes	A null mutation of the PROT gene (PROT) is lethal, but null mutations in the PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT), and PROT (PROT and PROT) genes have relatively mild or no effects.
Yes	PROT, PROT and PROT were stable (T1/2 >2 h) and associated with a chromatin-containing fraction throughout the cell cycle.
Yes	PROT-tagged PROT associated with chromatin throughout mitosis in living cells and co-localized with PROT in metaphase spreads.
No	A pre-treatment of cells with SGE from partially fed ticks in amounts corresponding to 1 or 3 salivary glands increased the level of both viral nucleocapsid (PROT) protein and PROTROT (PROT) in a dose-dependent manner.
Yes	PROT inhibited platelet aggregation induced by PROT (0.25 U.ml-1) with IC50 200 kIU.ml-1, and inhibited the rise of cytosolic free calcium concentration in platelets stimulated by PROT (0.1 U.ml-1) in the absence and in the presence of Ca2+ 0.5 mmol.L-1 (IC50 117 and 50 kIU.ml-1, respectively), but had no effect on the amounts of PROT and PROT associated with cytoskeletons.
No	PROT, PROT, and PROT encode proteins that are critical to the repair of double-strand DNA breaks by homologous recombination.
No	PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT were required for efficient gap repair using either chromosomal or plasmid donors.
No	PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT are all required to facilitate strand invasion into otherwise inaccessible donor sequences.
No	PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT are still required when the same transcribed donor is on the chromosome.
No	Here we use physical monitoring of DNA to show that MAT switching is completely blocked at an early step in recombination in strains deleted for the DNA repair genes PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT or PROT.
Yes	Archaeal PROTs are most similar to the globular PROT fold region of eukaryal PROT PROT, and the results reported are consistent with archaeal PROT resembling the structure formed by eukaryal PROT (PROT+PROT)2tetramers.
Yes	A reconstitution is described that requires not only the growth factor, its receptor with PROT activity, and the soluble PROT, but also the small soluble PROT PROT.
Yes	PROTadillo (PROT) repeat 10 to the COOH terminus of PROT is involved in binding to PROT, whereas PROT interacts directly with the PROT-binding domain of PROT.
Yes	PROT/3 complex from Acanthamoeba binds PROT and cross-links PROT filaments.
Yes	By analytical ultracentrifugation, rhodamine-labeled PROT binds PROT/3 complex with a Kd of 7 microM, an affinity intermediate between the low affinity of PROT for barbed ends of PROT filaments and its high affinity for PROT monomers.
Yes	Here we show that the PROT subunit of the complex can be chemically cross-linked to the PROT-binding site of PROT.
Yes	As a nuclear transport signal sequence exists in PROT and PROT but not in PROT, PROT and/or PROT may be responsible for the nuclear import of PROT in myogenic cells under certain conditions.
Yes	Immunofluorescence microscopy revealed that two PROT-binding proteins of low molecular weight with different functional activity, PROT and PROT, are transported into nuclei of cultured myogenic cells to form rod structures there together with PROT, when the cells were incubated in medium containing dimethylsulfoxide.
Yes	In most cases, PROT and PROT colocalized in the same nuclear PROT rods, but PROT appeared to predominate in mononucleated cells, while PROT was present in multinucleated myotubes.
Yes	A series of truncations was carried out at the C terminus of PROT, a region that has been implicated in PROT binding.
Yes	Since our earlier studies of Acanthamoeba PROTs suggested the importance of PIP2 binding for suppression, we conclude that both activities are implicated and that an interplay between PIP2 binding and PROT binding may be important for PROT function.
Yes	As expected, PROT was found to interact with three domains of PROT including PROT binding domain or PROT-inducible interaction (KIX) domain, the third cysteine-histidine-rich region (CH3 domain) and the PROT PROT-interacting domain.
Yes	As expected from immunofluorescence experiments, PROT, PROT, and PROT colocalized in immuno-EM to the dense patchlike structures but not to the cables.
Yes	Immuno-EM double-labeling experiments were conducted with antibodies to PROT together with antibodies to the PROT PROT and PROT.
Yes	A similar phenotype was seen in testes treated with cytochalasin B and has been noted previously in mutants at the PROT locus, a gene that encodes a Drosophila member of the PROT family of PROT-severing proteins.
Yes	As previous studies indicated that the PROT and PROT gene products of Saccharomyces cerevisiae seem to be involved in the same cellular function, we considered the possibility of a complex between the proteins encoded by these two genes.
No	As shown by in situ hybridization with cloned probes and analysis of in vitro translation products, M. occulta embryos do not accumulate high levels of PROT or PROT mRNA.
No	In contrast, PROT and PROT mRNA accumulation was not enhanced in hybrid embryos.
Yes	Associations of PROT with PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT proteins in a yeast two-hybrid system.
Yes	At least one element of the PROT-binding region of human PROT is an alpha-helix.
Yes	A truncated PROT disrupts the interaction between PROT and PROT: a cause of loss of intercellular adhesiveness in human cancer cell lines.
No	However, the recombinant fusion protein containing wild-type PROT precipitated PROT from these cells.
Yes	These results suggest that the dysfunction of PROT in these cell lines is due primarily to its failure to interact with PROT, and that this defect results from the mutation in PROT.
Yes	Thus, it is most likely that the association between PROT and PROT is mediated by PROT, and that this process is blocked by NH2-terminal deletion in PROT.
Yes	While PROT has been demonstrated to be crucial for PROT function, the role of PROT is not yet fully understood.
Yes	At the light microscope level, brush cells can be identified by antibodies against the PROT filament crosslinking proteins PROT and PROT that not only stain the apical tuft of microvilli and their rootlets, but also label projections emanating from the basolateral surface of these cells.
Yes	BACKGROUND: Although PROT is believed to be an essential regulator of the PROT cytoskeleton in most cells, its precise role in mammalian cells remains unknown.
No	BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Reduced expressions of cell adhesion molecules (PROT, PROT, and PROT) has been reported to be associated with tumor metastasis.
No	In this study, we evaluated the prognostic significance of PROT, PROT, and PROT expressions in the metastatic foci of patients with colorectal carcinoma.
No	RESULTS: Reduced normal expression of PROT, PROT, and PROT in comparison with normal epithelium was detected in 78 primary tumors, respectively.
Yes	BACKGROUND: PROT(PROT), a PROT, negatively regulates the G1 phase progression of the cell cycle by binding to the PROT/PROT complex.
Yes	Because PROT is known to interact with PROT, which binds to PROT, we generated a fusion molecule consisting of the ectodomain of PROT and the PROT binding site of PROT.
Yes	Because PROT PROT shares many structural features with PROT PROT and is intimately associated with PROT in the assembled nucleosome, we asked whether PROT has similar functions.
Yes	Because both proteins exchange rapidly between PROT molecules, low concentrations of PROT can overcome the inhibitory effects of high concentrations of PROT on the nucleotide exchange.
Yes	Because other researchers have shown that the PROT and PROT proteins interact, PROT on a high copy number plasmid was tested and found to suppress the PROT allele, but PROT, 55 and 57 did not suppress.
No	Between day 1 and day 3 in culture, the specific synthetic activities of total proteins and of electrophoretically purified PROT and PROT ([14C] phenylalanine incorporation into protein, in disintegrations per minute per microgram protein) decreased (-19%,-32%, and -73%, respectively).
Yes	Binding of PROT to PROT occurs at a maximal molar ratio of 1:3 as determined by fluorescencetitration under G-buffer conditions.
Yes	PROT binds to PROT in vitro and hence is an PROT binding protein.
Yes	Binding to human PROT by PROT and antibodies that inhibit ligand binding involves overlapping, discontinuous sites on a predicted beta propeller domain.
Yes	Biochemical analyses revealed a strong induction of PROT (PROT/PROT) tyrosine-autophosphorylation by PROT which was maximal after 5 minutes and was followed by receptor downregulation.
Yes	Biochemical complementation experiments also indicate that the PROT and PROT proteins interact.
Yes	Four yeast spliceosomal proteins (PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT) interact to promote PROT binding to pre-mRNA.
Yes	Here, we show that PROT (a PROT-like protein), PROT, and PROT are each required for the PROT to bind to the pre-spliceosome during spliceosome assembly in vitro.
No	Biopsies taken prior to NAC and operative specimens were subjected to immunohistochemical (IHC) staining for PROT, PROT, PROT, and CD44 isoform 6 (PROT), to uncover the role of adhesion molecules as determinants of the response to NAC and disease outcome.
Yes	Birch pollen PROT and PROT can be copurified as a complex, and purified recombinant birch PROT can be used as an affinity matrix to obtain birch pollen PROT.
Yes	In this study, PROT is identified as an PROT in higher plants which is present in monocot and dicot angiosperms.
Yes	The binding of 125I-labeled recombinant birch pollen PROT to plant and animal PROT can be blocked by PROT-specific antibodies that react with different epitopes of birch PROT.
Yes	Bistratene A causes phosphorylation of PROT and redistribution of PROT microfilaments in fibroblasts: possible role for PROT.
Yes	PROT appears to be more closely related to the mouse PROT gene and other similar eukaryotic PROT homologues than to the yeast gene PROT and other PROT homologues that are involved in replication repair.
Yes	PROT is also expressed in endothelial cells and shown to bind PROT (PROT), a potent regulator for vasculogenesis and angiogenesis.
Yes	PROT is expressed by endothelial and tumor cells as an isoform-specific receptor for PROT.
Yes	PROT mediates PROT/PROT inhibition of endothelial cell motility: functional competition of PROT and PROT.
Yes	PROT (PROT) is a receptor for vascular endothelial growth factor (PROT) 165 (PROT) and acts as a coreceptor that enhances PROT function through PROT PROT receptor 2 (PROT).
Yes	PROT (PROT) is a 130-kDa transmembrane receptor for PROT, mediators of neuronal guidance, and for PROT (PROT), an angiogenesis factor.
Yes	A 2.2-kb truncated PROT cDNA was cloned that encodes a 644-aa PROT (PROT) isoform containing just the a/PROT and b/PROT homology extracellular domains of PROT.
Yes	PROT is secreted by cells as a 90-kDa protein that binds PROT, but not PROT.
Yes	Both complexes are composed of PROT and PROT which bind to either PROT or PROT in a mutually exclusive manner.
No	Both pathway cells and superior tarsal smooth muscle cells expressed PROT and PROT throughout development.
No	Both types of beads induced the recruitment of PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT, by lateral mobilization of preexisting cell membrane complexes.
Yes	Both tyrosine phosphorylation and association of PROT with PROT were inhibited by tyrphostin, a specific inhibitor of the PROT PROT, whereas dissociation of PROT from PROT was not.
Yes	The results suggest that tyrosine phosphorylation of PROT is achieved by PROT upon tryptic digestion of cells and concurrent with but independent of dissociation of PROT from PROT.
Yes	Tyrosine phosphorylation of PROT was concomitantly induced with association of PROT with PROT (PROT) when quiescent cells at confluence were dissociated into single cells by tryptic digestion, being accompanied by dissociation of PROT from PROT.
No	PROT or PROT recombination-deficient yeast strains stabilize otherwise unstable YACs containing ribosomal DNA or the human color vision locus (Kohno et al., 1994).
Yes	PROT, a new component of the yeast PROT-PROT complex that interacts with a conserved region of PROT2.
Yes	PROT interacts with PROT in vitro and copurifies with the PROT-PROT complex from yeast cells.
No	Bud-site selection directs both cell polarity and the cytoskeletal orientation during budding and is determined by at least five genes: PROT/PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT.
Yes	By 1 h the cells were well spread with straight PROT bundles many of which ended at more central sites terminating on patches containing PROT and PROT; thus the cells assemble typical stress fibers but do not appear to polarize.
No	By indirect immunofluorescence, both R. rickettsii and Listeria monocytogenes PROT tails were shown to contain the cytoskeletal proteins PROT PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	By site-directed mutagenesis of PROT from Dictyostelium discoideum the point mutations K114E and W3N were generated by PCR thus changing PROT and poly-(L)-proline-binding activity respectively.
Yes	The PROT exhibited a profound decrease in its ability to interact with PROT, whereas binding to poly-(L)-proline was essentially unchanged.
No	By the use of HSV mutants for the PROT gene we show here that HSV can induce DNA amplification in the absence of lytic viral growth in contrast to replication-negative mutants for either the PROT or PROT gene used as control.
No	By this method, it was shown that four of these large RNA species are polycistronic transcripts containing sequences from two genes: one species contains PROTROT (PROTROTROT) and PROTROT (PROTROT) gene sequences; another, PROTROT and PROT (PROTROT) gene sequences; another, PROTROT and PROT (PROTROT) gene sequences; and another, PROTROT and PROT (PROT) gene sequences.
Yes	By two-hybrid screening we have identified two partners that directly associate with PROT: PROT, a previously characterized PROT subunit, and a novel protein of 33 kDa (PROT-p33) which is part of the PROT complex and has an RNA binding domain.
Yes	Our results provide support for both physical and functional interactions between three subunits, PROT, PROT and PROT, in the PROT complex.
Yes	By using a chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) assay, we observed that PROT PROT, and not PROT PROT, was acetylated from the endogenous PROT/PROT promoter in vivo, implying that PROT/PROT, and not the PROT complex, was critical in complexing with PROT in up-regulation of PROT/PROT in HTLV-1-infected cells.
Yes	PROT are essential for embryonic morphogenesis since they mediate calcium-dependent cell-cell adhesion and can modulate PROT signaling.
Yes	PROT links PROT to the PROT-based cytoskeleton.
No	Calculated solution molecular masses are 213 kDa for PROT, 73 kDa for PROT, and 186 kDa for both.
Yes	Calorimetric data show ternary complex formation between PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	PROT activity in vivo was determined by observing proteolysis of PROT and PROT, two known substrates of PROT.
No	Cardiac hypertrophy and the steady state level of the "fetal" genes, PROT, PROT (PROT), and PROT (PROT) mRNAs were assessed.
Yes	PROT, a T cell activation Ag, also known as PROT, is directly associated with PROT (PROT) on the surface of T cells and T cell lines.
Yes	PROT is a T cell activation antigen known to bind PROT and have PROT activity.
Yes	PROT is a T cell activation antigen that contains PROT activity and is known to bind PROT.
No	Cells lacking PROT, a protein which in many mammalian cell types is a constituent of focal complexes that link the PROT cytoskeleton to the plasma membrane, are strongly impaired in adhesion to external surfaces.
No	Cells of the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe divide using a medial PROT ring that assembles in early mitosis [1].
Yes	Changes in PROT binding to PROT or PROT protein, and the ensuing effects on cell morphology and adhesion, are independent of PROT binding to PROT.
Yes	Full-length PROT, PROT mutant proteins with NH2-terminal deletions before (deltaN90) or after (deltaN131, deltaN151) the PROT binding site, or a mutant PROT with a COOH-terminal deletion (delta C) were expressed in MDCK cells under the control of the tetracycline-repressible transactivator.
Yes	Characterization of PROT and poly-L-proline binding sites of Acanthamoeba PROT with monoclonal antibodies and by mutagenesis.
Yes	For example, PROT with a deletion of the eight C-terminal residues has many of the physical properties of a molten globule, yet remarkably still binds to PROT.
Yes	The results provide two independent lines of evidence about the binding sites for PROT and poly-L-proline on the PROT molecule.
Yes	Characterization of a mutant PROT with reduced PROT-binding capacity: effects in vitro and in vivo.
Yes	Characterization of PROT truncates that inhibit PROT depolymerization by severing activity of PROT and PROT.
No	Characterization of PROT and PROT DNA mismatch repair proteins in cell lines of the NCI anticancer drug screen.
Yes	Characterization of the action of porcine PROT on PROT polymerization.
Yes	Moreover, addition of PROT to steady-state PROT filaments causes slow depolymerization.
Yes	Characterization of the interactions of PROT with PROT and PROT/PROT.
Yes	In this study we have used the yeast two-hybrid system to map the domains on PROT that allow it to associate with PROT/PROT and with PROT.
Yes	PROT or PROT is associated directly with the PROT; alpha-PROT binds to PROT/PROT and serves to link the PROT/PROT complex to the PROT cytoskeleton.
Yes	Chemical modification of the cysteine residue 374 of PROT, both with N-ethylmaleimide and with the fluorescent probe N-(1-pyrenyl)iodoacetamide, is shown to counteract the inhibiting effect of PROT on PROT polymerization.
Yes	Chick embryo fibroblasts contain about 75-100 microM unpolymerized PROT and at least four proteins which can bind PROT monomers, PROT depolymerizing factor (PROT), PROT, PROT, and PROT (PROT).
Yes	PROT had higher affinity for poly-l-proline and sequestered more monomeric PROT than did PROT.
Yes	The PROT-sequestering activity of both maize PROT classes was found to be dependent on the concentration of free calcium.
Yes	We propose a model in which PROT alters cellular concentrations of PROT polymers in response to fluctuations in cytosolic calcium concentration.
Yes	Coexpression of the PROT and PROT genes in Escherichia coli was required for in vitro activity.
No	Expression of the PROT and PROT genes occurred between 1 and 5 h after vaccinia virus infection and was not prevented by an inhibitor of DNA replication, consistent with a role for PROT in specifically regulating intermediate transcription in vivo.
No	We found that the 34- and 45-kDa polypeptides encoded by vaccinia virus ORFs PROT and PROT, respectively, were necessary to reconstitute transcription of a template with an intermediate stage promoter.
No	cDPROTA clones of the PROT, PROT, and PROT genes were constructed in pGEM-based expression plasmids and shown to direct expression of the appropriate polypeptides.
Yes	PROT and PROT may also be involved in the redistribution of PROT during myofibrillogenesis and in the process of PROT disassembly in degenerating muscles.
Yes	PROT was identified by peptide sequencing, and PROT recruitment and Listeria tail length were found to be pH-dependent, in agreement with its recently reported role in enhancing PROT filament turnover.
No	Compared with control and contralateral kidneys, the ligated kidneys displayed a dynamic expression of mRNAs for many apoptosis-related molecules, which included an up to threefold increase for PROT, PROT ligand, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, and an up to twofold increase for PROT and PROT, but there was little change for PROT.
No	To detect the expression of apoptosis-related molecules, PROT protection assay was used with specific antisense RNA probes for PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	Complete gene sequences for the PROT (PROTROT) and PROT (PROT/PROTROT) have been determined and recombinant PROTROT and PROTROT proteins produced in baculovirus.
No	CONCLUSIONS: The expression of PROT, PROT, and PROT is related to histological type and differentiation in NSCLC, although PROT have no independent prognostic value.
No	Reduced expression of PROT, PROT, and PROT is associated with high cell proliferative activity and poor differentiation in non-small cell lung cancer.
Yes	CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest the cooperative modulation of the PROT cytoskeleton by PROT and PROT.
Yes	Immunofluorescence staining of a wild-type strain using anti-PROT antibodies revealed that PROT was distributed in cortical PROT patches where PROT was also co-localized.
Yes	CONCLUSION: The results show that PROT and PROT form a complex in vivo and suggest that they participate in epithelial cell differentiation and targeted vesicle transport processes in the developing kidney.
No	Confluent calf pulmonary artery endothelial monolayers exposed to 95% oxygen for 1, 2, or 3 days exhibit a time-dependent increase in adherence to substratum, which closely parallels changes in PROT cytoarchitecture and the distribution of focal contact proteins PROT and PROT.
Yes	Conversely, inhibition of PROT's activity by expressing a dominant negative construct, PROT1-, or expression of the constitutively active S3A PROT mutant induces loss of PROT filaments at the phagocytic cup and also inhibits phagocytosis.
Yes	Co-precipitation experiments using whole cell lysates indicate that the mutant form of PROT binds PROT and PROT, and can form a structural complex with PROT via these interactions.
Yes	Coprecipitations revealed that transfected PROT molecules are complexed with PROT and PROT at plasma membranes.
Yes	Cotransfections with different combinations of these genes demonstrated that a subset of four of them, coding for the HSV PROT complex (PROT, PROT, PROT) and the PROT (PROT), was already sufficient to mediate the helper effect.
Yes	Crystallization and preliminary crystallographic analysis of the N-terminal PROT binding domain of human PROT.
No	CV-1 cells were transfected with cloned genes from wild-type HPROTIV-3 encoding the PROTROT (PROTROT), PROT (PROT), and PROTROT (PROTROT), alone or together, for the expression of biologically active proteins.
Yes	Cytoplasmic staining included stress fibers that colocalized with PROT, probably as a consequence of the PROT component of the fusion protein.
Yes	Data from affinity chromatography, analytical ultracentrifugation, covalent cross-linking, and fluorescence anisotropy show that PROT, PROT, and PROT form a ternary complex.
Yes	Experiments using a peptide that corresponds to the N-terminus of PROT (residues 6-22) confirm the presence of an extensive binding surface between PROT and PROT, and explain why PROT and PROT can bind simultaneously to PROT.
Yes	Data is presented to suggest that the G1 PROT and the PROT PROT may be involved in subversion of the G1/S traverse by signaling pathways activated by PROT function.
No	Data presented here suggest that two of the repressed genes encode the proteins PROT and PROT.
No	Selective repression of PROT and PROT expression during the programmed death of insect skeletal muscle.
No	The reduction in PROT and PROT synthesis presumably plays a role in the rapid dissolution of the muscles.
Yes	PROT belong to the PROT family and are characterised by an intracellular death domain that serves to recruit adapter proteins such as PROT and PROT and PROT such as PROT.
No	Deletion and overexpression studies demonstrate that PROT, but not PROT, PROT or PROT, is required for this rDNA position effect.
No	Deletion of both PROT and PROT produces a phenotype similar to that produced by deletion of PROT.
No	PROT mutations completely abolished the ability to generate type II survivors, while PROT mutations decreased the growth viability of type II survivors but did not completely eliminate their appearance.
Yes	Deletion of PROT enhanced PROT and PROT silencing, but deletion of PROT or PROT did not affect silencing, indicating that the mechanism of silencing differs from that at telomeres and silent mating loci.
Yes	Demembranated stereociliary cores consisted primarily of protein bands corresponding to PROT and PROT and several proteins ranging from 43 to 63 kDa.
Yes	Depending on the nature of the divalent cation, recombinant plant (birch) PROT exhibited two different modes of interaction with PROT, like mammalian PROT.
Yes	In the presence of magnesium ions birch PROT promoted the polymerization of PROT from PROT:PROT.
Yes	Recombinant plant (birch) PROT was analyzed for its ability to promote PROT polymerization from the PROT:PROT and beta9 complex.
Yes	These data indicated a negative co-operativity between the PROT and PROT binding sites on PROT.
Yes	Detection of a sequence involved in PROT-binding and phosphoinositide-binding in the N-terminal side of PROT.
Yes	The truncated PROT molecules produced in E. coli were purified and examined for their PROT-binding and PIP2-binding ability.
No	Detection of loss of heterozygosity at PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT and PROT loci in breast cancer: pathological correlations.
No	LOH was found in the PROT region in 32% of tumours, in the PROT region in 16%, in PROT in 20% and in the PROT and PROT regions in 49% and 44% respectively.
No	We investigate allelic losses in microsatellites of the PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT regions, and their correlations with nine pathologic parameters in 127 breast carcinomas.
No	Developmental changes in PROT and PROT isoform expression in smooth muscle.
Yes	Digestion of isolated myofibrils with PROT resulted in the degradation of PROT and PROT.
Yes	Direct binding of the PROT-homology domain in PROT to PROT is essential for cytoskeletal reorganization.
Yes	Recently, two mammalian proteins previously shown to regulate the PROT cytoskeleton, PROT (PROT) and its homolog expressed in neurons (N-PROT), were found to possess short peptide motifs homologous to one part of PROT.
Yes	Discrete segments (70-150 amino acids) of PROT and PROT were found to be responsible for their binding to PROT.
No	The PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT proteins of Saccharomyces cerevisiae were found previously to copurify with PROT (PROT) activity.
Yes	Dispersal of PROT from such sites by oligoproline-rich peptide inhibitors suggests that PROT is directly involved in intracellular pathogen locomotion and reorganization of PROT cytoskeleton of the host cell peripheral membrane.
Yes	Disruption of the PROT gene, which is homologous to PROT/PROT and which is also required for correct PROT localization, also blocks endocytosis.
Yes	DNA sequence analysis of the PROT gene reveals that it encodes PROT, an PROT-monomer-binding protein.
Yes	We attribute these effects to potential sequestration of PROT monomers by PROT, when present in excess.
Yes	Double mutants containing N-terminal domain deletions of both PROT PROT and PROT PROT were inviable.
Yes	PROT signal transduction is mediated by a complex of intracellular signaling molecules including PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	During apoptotic process induced by the agents, expression of PROT PROT and PROT increased, whereas expression of PROT decreased.
No	During incubation of whole myofibrils at 37 degrees C, PROT, alpha PROTin, PROT and PROT suffered degradation.
Yes	Dynamic PROT structures stabilized by PROT.
Yes	The distribution of PROT filaments is altered by PROT overexpression.
No	While parallel PROT bundles crossing the cells are virtually absent in cells overexpressing PROT, the submembranous PROT network of these cells is denser than in control cells.
Yes	Effects of PROT-PROT association on some properties of both PROT and PROT: modification of the inhibitory activity of PROT on PROT polymerization and inhibition of the self-association of PROT and its interactions with liposomes.
Yes	Effects of PROT on PROT in the presence and absence of PROT and PROT.
No	Effects of mutations of PROT, PROT, PROT, and related genes on illegitimate recombination in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Yes	Effects of single amino acid substitutions in the PROT-binding site on the biological activity of bovine PROT.
Yes	However, these mutants displayed a lower affinity for PROT than wild-type PROT, suggesting that additional putative bonds created this way cannot increase PROT's affinity for PROT.
Yes	These results emphasize the highly conserved biological function of PROT with low sequence homology, and correlate specifically their PROT-binding capacity with cell motility and proliferation.
No	Electrical stimulation of cardiocyte contraction did not enhance PROT or myosin heavy chain (alpha+beta) mRNA transcript levels relative to PROT during the period of rapid growth that occurred over the first 48 hours.
Yes	Elevation of cAMP induced morphologic alterations indicative of changes in the adhesive status of the macrophage, including cell rounding and disassembly of structures that represent points of contact with substrate containing PROT and PROT.
Yes	PROT encodes a proline-rich protein (PROT or PROT) required for a polarised cortical PROT cytoskeleton and endocytosis [2,3].
No	Equine satellite cell clone SE-11 and ovine satellite cell clone I(1)were evaluated for expression of PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT over a 240 h period in culture.
Yes	Essential domains of the PROT splicing factor are implicated in the binding to PROT and PROT proteins and are conserved through evolution.
Yes	Evaluation of the binding of Acanthamoeba PROT to pyrene-labeled PROT by fluorescence enhancement.
No	Even though rates of total protein and PROT synthesis resembled values measured in vivo, PROT fractional rate of synthesis was only 22% of in vivo levels.
Yes	Evidence for a conformational change in PROT induced by PROT (PROT) binding.
Yes	Evidence suggests that this differential recognition bears functional significance concerning the intricate roles of PROT and inositol lipids in modulating PROT polymerization and PtdIns(4,5)P2 turnover.
No	Exclusion of PROT and PROT gene involvement in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy of several French families.
Yes	Experiments performed using extracts from doubly infected cells indicated that PROT could interact separately with both the PROT and PROT proteins.
Yes	PROT was shown to recognize the PROT protein in both Western blots and immunoprecipitation assays and to co-precipitate the other two proteins in the complex from insect cells triply infected with recombinants expressing the PROT, PROT and PROT2 polypeptides.
No	Exposure of the cells to tumor promoter did, however, result in a loss of PROT and PROT-rich cell surface elaborations that resemble focal contact precursor structures.
No	Exposure of the rabbit retina to a combination of an PROT antagonist, 8-cyclopentyl-1,3 dipropylxanthine (DPCPX), and PROT did not affect the enhancing action of DAMGO on the light-evoked release of ACh.
No	Expression of PROT and PROT genes in skeletal, cardiac and uterine muscles of young and old rats.
Yes	Expression of PROT was generally weak and did not correlate with the expression of either PROT or PROT.
No	Expression of PROT was investigated in normal breast tissue and 66 breast carcinomas in conjunction with expression of PROT (PROT) and PROT.
No	In invasive ductal carcinomas, PROT was reduced more frequently in diffuse than in solid type tumours, whereas the level of expression of PROT and PROT was unchanged between them.
Yes	Expression of PROT or PROT was sufficient to activate PROT-PROT by promoting the formation of high-molecular-weight complexes lacking the PROT PROT, as has been described, following estrogen treatment.
No	Expression of PROT, PROT and PROT in normal ovarian surface epithelium and epithelial ovarian cancers.
Yes	Expressions of PROT, A, and B1 in Hodgkin and Reed-Sternberg cells: not suppressed by PROT PROT expression.
No	Features studied were PROT, microtubules, PROT, and PROT, using immunofluorescence, sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis, and immunoblotting; permeability of the cell sheet; wound healing; and phagocytic capacity.
No	Finally, both receptors can interact with PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	Thus, both PROT and PROT use PROT, PROT, and PROT in their signal transduction pathways, and PROT is the common mediator of apoptosis by all known death domain-containing receptors.
No	Finally it was shown that the two isoforms of PROT can be separated from each other in the absence of PROT also by chromatography on hydroxyapatite.
Yes	Finally, we evaluated the acetylation of three putative PROT substrates, PROTs PROT and PROT and the transcription factor PROT, and have determined that PROT PROT is significantly preferred over the PROT PROT and PROT substrates.
Yes	Finally, we used in vitro translated proteins in an immunoprecipitation assay to show that, like PROT, both beta 2- and PROT interact with peptides encoding the PROT-binding region of PROT, PROT/PROT, and the Torpedo PROT protein.
No	First, the C-terminal PROT-PROT-acidic domain was shown to be essential for the regulation of PROT cytoskeleton.
Yes	Fluorescent PROT analogs with a high affinity for PROT in vitro exhibit an enhanced gradient of assembly in living cells.
Yes	Three-dimensional fluorescence microscopy of the fluorescent analog of PROT with a high affinity for PROT revealed that it incorporated into cortical cytoplasmic fibers and was also distributed diffusely in the non-cortical cytoplasm consistent with a bias of PROT assembly near the surface of the cell.
Yes	To test these models in living cells using imaging techniques, we prepared a new fluorescent analog of PROT that bound PROT, a protein that interacts with phosphoinositides and PROT-monomers in a mutually exclusive manner, with an order of magnitude greater affinity (Kd = 3.6 microM) than cys-374-labeled PROT (Kd > 30 microM), yet retained the ability to inhibit PROT.
No	Fluorographic analysis showed that the specific activity of soluble PROT was two to three times that of its particulate form and that soluble PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT were transported at similar rates in slow component b of axonal flow.
Yes	Our data strongly support the view that the mobile form of PROT in slow transport is soluble and that a substantial amount of this PROT may travel as a complex with PROT depolymerizing factor, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	We examined the axonal transport of PROT and its monomer binding proteins, PROT depolymerizing factor, PROT, and PROT, in the chicken sciatic nerve following injection of [35S]methionine into the lumbar spinal cord.
Yes	For example, it is associated with PROT and PROT (PROT), and protected from PROT digestion only in the presence of Ca2+, as is the case for many of classic PROT.
Yes	From an analysis of PROT mutants, whose PROT cytoskeleton is disrupted, we found that PROT also requires PROT filaments to associate with adhesive cell membranes in the ovary.
Yes	From previous work, the PROT, PROT, and PROT gene products also appear to be involved in linking PROT to the PROT cytoskeleton.
Yes	From these observations it is concluded that (i) PROT is required for high levels of both gene conversions and reciprocal crossovers, (ii) that PROT is not required for intrachromosomal crossovers, and (iii) that PROT and PROT have different functions, or that PROT has functions in addition to those of the PROT/PROT protein complex.
Yes	From these we have isolated eight viable and lethal alleles of the PROT gene, and seven viable alleles of the indirect flight muscle (IFM)-specific PROT PROT gene.
No	Frozen tissue sections, isolated cardiomyocytes, cultured neonatal cardiomyocytes and fibroblasts were hybridized with DNA probes for type-specific PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	Further deletion analysis demonstrated that this fragment contains three regions, which are important for nucleation and share functional and/or limited sequence similarity with host PROT family proteins: an acidic stretch, an PROT monomer-binding region, and a PROT homology sequence.
Yes	The PROT homology sequence is critical for stimulating PROT nucleation with the PROT/3 complex in vitro, and is essential for PROT polymerization and motility in cells.
Yes	Furthermore, a simultaneous expression of PROT, PROT and PROT was observed during the regeneration of rat liver, that is, all mRNAs of these proteins showed biphasic peaks around 6 h and 48 h after partial hepatectomy.
Yes	Furthermore, the deletion of PROT suppresses the temperature-sensitive growth defect of PROT, a mutant in yeast PROT, supporting a role for PROT family members in PROT function.
Yes	Furthermore, this inactivating effect of PROT can be prevented by coexpressing a region of the cytoskeletal protein PROT known to interact with the CO region of PROT.
Yes	Further, PRP incubated with PROT showed a dose dependent increase in PROT and PROT secretion as measured by RIA and an increased incorporation of PROT, PROT, and PROT into the cytoskeletal core (triton insoluble residue) as shown by SDS-PAGE.
Yes	Further, we show that PROT, a high molecular weight structural protein that links PROT to the PROT cytoskeleton, is proteolytically cleaved in fetal, but not in neonatal melanocytes.
Yes	Immunofluorescence microscopy of cells grown on PROT confirmed the presence of PROT, PROT, and PROT at the ends of PROT stress fibers at presumptive focal contacts in melanocytes.
No	Fusiform RPE, however, were not deficient in these proteins, expressing amounts of PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT that were equivalent to epithelioid cells.
No	Fusion of the endocardial ridges of the truncus on late ED13 is accompanied by the organization of PROT-and PROT-positive myofibroblasts into a central whorl and the appearance of the semilunar valve anlagen at their definitive topographical position within the proximal portion of the truncus.
No	Gel electrophoresis was used to measure changes in the relative amounts of PROT or PROT and of PROT (PROT) isoforms.
No	Generation of these membrane microparticles was dependent on the presence of extracellular calcium and was accompanied by proteolytic degradation of the cytoskeletal proteins, PROT (PROT), PROT, and PROT.
Yes	Genetic analysis suggested that this phenotype was due to PROT sequestering PROT and preventing it from interacting with PROT and PROT.
No	Genetic dissection of Drosophila myofibril formation: effects of PROT and PROT null alleles.
No	We find that heterozygotes for PROT (PROT) or PROT (PROT) null alleles have complex myofibrillar defects, whereas PROT-/+; PROT-/+ double heterozygotes have nearly normal myofibrils.
No	Germline mutations in several members of these families, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, but not PROT, are responsible for hereditary non-polyposis colorectal cancer.
Yes	PROT pull-down performed with PROT deletion mutants and peptide competition have localized the site in PROT critical for binding PROT/PROT to a highly protease-sensitive region around amino acid residues 81 to 95 (81QRTSKTLKVLTPPIT95) which lies between the domains previously proposed to be important for PROT binding and PROT subunit dimerization.
Yes	PROT is not likely to be a PROT, PROT, PROT, or PROT based on the lack of reactivity of PROT with these polypeptides in immunoblots.
Yes	Hence, we conclude that in its dimeric form, which is used in PROT and lipid binding, PROT is a dumbbell-shaped molecule built of two antiparallel subunits.
Yes	The PROT dimer, which is crucial for PROT and lipid binding, is built of a backbone containing the 200 kDa rod portions, at both ends of which a 47 kDa globular domain is attached.
Yes	Here, specific interactions between human PROT and PROT proteins are demonstrated both in vivo, using the yeast two-hybrid system and immunoprecipitation of insect cells co-infected with PROT and PROT recombinant viruses, and in vitro, using affinity chromatography with purified recombinant proteins.
Yes	Interaction of the yeast PROT and PROT proteins plays a crucial role in yeast DNA homologous recombination and DNA double-strand break repair.
Yes	Specific interactions between the human PROT and PROT proteins.
Yes	The PROT-interacting region (amino acids 291-330) of the human PROT protein shows no homology with the yeast PROT protein, indicating that the interaction between PROT and PROT is species-specific.
Yes	These results suggest that PROT may modulate the catalytic activities of PROT protein such as homologous pairing and strand exchange through a direct physical interaction.
Yes	Here we demonstrate that accessory receptor triggering induces the transient association of PROT with the PROT cytoskeleton.
Yes	Recently, we have shown that the small PROT-depolymerizing protein PROT represents a component of a co-stimulatory signaling pathway in human T cells.
Yes	These results suggest that PROT provides an as yet missing link between functionally crucial T cell surface receptors and rearrangements of the PROT cytoskeleton.
Yes	Here we demonstrate that growth arrest and differentiation of NT2/D1 cells induced by HMBA involve increased expression of the PROT PROT, enhanced association of PROT with PROT/PROT complexes and suppression of PROT activity associated to PROT/PROT (but not to PROT/PROT).
Yes	Here we demonstrate that PROT is concentrated in cultured skin fibroblasts and several other human mesenchymal cell lines in the focal adhesions at the ends of PROT stress fibers, co-localizing with the known focal adhesion components PROT and PROT.
No	Here, we describe proline-rich proteins involved in regulating PROT polymerization and classify them according to their role in recruiting PROT to the membrane.
Yes	Here we describe the PROT-dependent activation of PROT (PROT) through the PROT PROT receptor-associated proteins PROT and PROT.
Yes	PROT death domain-associated proteins PROT and PROT signal activation of PROT.
No	Here, we designed a genetic screen for mutant strains defective for filamentous growth (dfg) to identify novel targets of the filamentation signaling pathway, and we thereby identified 16 different genes, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT, mutations that block filamentous growth.
Yes	Here, we have detected a polypeptide in rat rod outer segments that is recognized by PROT antibodies and was found to possess other characteristics of conventional PROT: it comigrates in SDS-PAGE with PROT; it associates with the cytoskeleton of rod outer segments in an ATP-sensitive manner; and it binds to purified PROT filaments in the absence of ATP.
Yes	Here we have now identified the reciprocal complementary binding site in PROT which mediates its interaction with PROT and PROT.
Yes	It is well established that the cytoplasmic domain of PROT binds either PROT or PROT, which both can assemble PROT into the complex.
Yes	Recently we have identified an PROT binding site in PROT and PROT and postulated, based on sequence analysis, that these protein-protein interactions are mediated by a hydrophobic interaction mechanism.
Yes	Here we identify a pathway for the regulation of PROT, a ubiquitous PROT that is essential for effective depolymerization of PROT filaments.
No	Our results define a mechanism for the regulation of PROT and hence of PROT dynamics in vivo.
Yes	Phosphorylation by PROT inactivates PROT, leading to accumulation of PROT filaments.
Yes	Regulation of PROT dynamics through phosphorylation of PROT by PROT.
Yes	Here, we prepared a profilin mutant (H119E) defective in PROT binding, but retaining the ability to bind to other proteins.
Yes	The essential role of PROT in the assembly of PROT for microspike formation.
Yes	These findings provide the first evidence that PROT is a key molecule linking a signaling network to rapid PROT polymerization in microspike formation.
Yes	This mutant PROT suppresses PROT polymerization in microspike formation induced by PROT, the essential factor in microspike formation.
Yes	Here we report that PROT associates with a complex containing PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	Here we report the functional importance of PROT in various PROT-mediated morphological changes using H119E mutant PROT I, which is deficient only in PROT binding.
No	Here we show that PROT is a member of a family of proteins including Drosophila PROT, Saccharomyces cerevisiae PROT, and S. pombe PROT, which are involved in cytokinesis or other PROT-mediated processes.
Yes	Here, we show that PROT is a potent inhibitor of differentiation and link this activity to its ability to inhibit PROT (and the highly related molecule, PROT, or PROT) PROT acetylation activity.
Yes	Here we show that the N-terminal domain of PROT binds one PROT monomer, in a PROT-like fashion, and PROT/3 complex and mimics the C-terminal domain of PROT family proteins in catalyzing filament barbed end branching by PROT/3 complex.
Yes	Here we show that the PROT-dependent proteolysis system is involved in the regulation of PROT turnover.
No	PROT, but not PROT, PROT(PROT) or PROT, becomes stabilized when PROT-mediated proteolysis is inhibited and this leads to the accumulation of multi-ubiquitinated forms of PROT.
No	Here, we show that the x-ray sensitivity of PROT and PROT mutant strains is suppressible by overexpression of PROT or PROT.
Yes	PROT binds to predicted alpha-helical coiled-coil regions of PROT and PROT, shown previously to be engaged in their direct interaction.
No	Here, we sought to determine the spatial distributions of PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, and whether different complexes of these proteins accumulate at steady state in polarized Madin-Darby canine kidney cells.
Yes	Herpes simplex virus type 1 encodes a heterotrimeric PROT complex that is composed of the products of the PROT, PROT, and PROT genes.
Yes	Herpes simplex virus type 1 expresses a heterotrimeric PROT, the subunits of which are encoded by the viral PROT, PROT and PROT2 genes.
Yes	The interactions of the PROT2 protein with the PROT and PROT proteins were analysed by using the yeast two-hybrid system.
No	Two-hybrid analysis of the interaction between the UL52 and UL8 subunits of the herpes simplex virus type 1 PROT.
Yes	Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) encodes a PROT that consists of the products of the PROT, PROT, and PROT genes (Crute, J. J., Tsurumi, T., Zhu, L., Weller, S. K., Olivo, P. D., Challberg, M. D., Mocarski, E. S. and Lehman, I. R. (1989) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U. S. A. 86, 2186-2189).
Yes	Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) encodes a PROT that consists of three polypeptides encoded by the PROT, PROT, and PROT2 genes (Crute, J.J., Tsurumi, T., Zhu, L., Weller, S.K., Olivo, P.D., Challberg, M.D., Mocarski, E.S., and Lehman, I.R. (1989) Proc. Natl.
Yes	Herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) encodes a heterotrimeric PROT composed of the products of the three DNA replication-specific genes PROT, PROT, and PROT2 (Crute, J. J., and Lehman, I. R. (1991) J. Biol. Chem. 266, 4484-4488).
Yes	PROT/PROT treatment of LoVo reduced the amount of PROT complexed with PROT more markedly than in L-10, but in both cell lines this reduction was not accompanied by increased tyrosine phosphorylation of PROT, suggesting the presence of a mechanism other than phosphorylation for release from cell-cell adhesion during cell motility.
Yes	High levels of PROT suppress the lethality caused by overproduction of PROT in yeast cells.
Yes	In contrast, overexpression of the PROT gene, PROT, encoding an PROT, leads to no very obvious phenotype.
Yes	Interestingly, PROT overproduction can compensate for the deleterious effects of too much PROT in a PROT concentration-dependent manner.
Yes	PROT PROT showed at least seven sites of acetylation, PROT PROT had six sites and PROT PROT had five sites.
Yes	How PROT/barbed-end synergy controls PROT polymerization: a kinetic model of the ATP hydrolysis circuit.
No	In particular, both PROT and free filament barbed ends have been shown to play major roles in the processing of ATP by PROT.
Yes	We have developed a new integrated kinetic model to examine how the maintenance of the pool of unpolymerized PROT and the flux of PROT subunits through filaments are controlled by PROT and free filament barbed ends through their interaction with ATP.
Yes	However, although expression of PROT alone will not induce G1 PROT activity or S phase, coexpression of PROT with PROT allows the generation of PROT activity and the induction of S phase, coincident with the loss of the PROT PROT (PROT).
Yes	However, a number of mammalian DNA repair proteins lack NLS clusters; these proteins include PROT, PROT (PROT), mouse PROT, and the PROT/PROT and PROT subunits of PROT.
No	NLS-less S.cerevisiae proteins include both PROT and PROT that function in the recombination and in the repair of double-strand breaks as well as the PROT and PROT molecules.
Yes	However, disassembly of the PROT cytoskeleton using Latrunculin-A does not alter PROT's location, indicating that PROT establishes and maintains its location independent of the PROT cytoskeleton.
Yes	Using the two-hybrid system, we show that PROT binds PROT.
No	However, immunofluorescence staining revealed a similar organisation of PROT microfilaments, PROT and phosphotyrosyl-containing proteins on both substrates.
No	However, increases were also selective in nature, with increases in certain individual proteins, including PROT (twofold to threefold), PROT (2.5-fold to sevenfold), PROT (threefold to sixfold), and PROT, far exceeding overall increases in cellular protein content (20-40%).
Yes	However, in non-adherent cells no molecular mechanism has yet been proposed for the cell adhesion-dependent up-regulation of the PROT PROT (PROT), and the associated inhibition of PROT-PROT.
No	However, once initiated, the synthesis of PROT mRNA continued in the presence of cycloheximide, while the expression of PROT, myosin heavy chain, and myogenin mRNA was abolished.
Yes	These results suggest that muscle-specific processing of PROT transcripts can continue to occur in the absence of PROT expression unlike the expression of PROT and PROT mRNAs.
Yes	However, regulation of PROT function is generally unknown and controversy exists regarding PROT effects on PROT polymerization.
Yes	However, similar to PROT, PROT is only present at the neuromuscular junction in mdx mouse muscle in which PROT is absent.
Yes	Identification of PROT binding to PROT, PROT, and PROT.
No	However, smooth muscle contents of PROT (26.0 +/- 1.8 vs. 19.1 +/- 2.2 micrograms/mg wet wt) and PROT (5.5 +/- 0.4 vs. 2.0 +/- 0.3 microgram/mg wet wt) were greater (P < 0.04) in myometrium from late-pregnant vs. nonpregnant ewes.
Yes	However, some proteins (e.g., PROT) and other agents (e.g., cytochalasin D) that bind to PROT are affected by the presence of fluorescent labels, making PROT intrinsic fluorescence potentially useful in investigating the interaction of these agents with PROT, and in validating data obtained using labeled PROT.
No	However, there were no changes in the expression of PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	However, these rod structures were not observed in response to PROT, forskolin, or TPA, suggesting that dephosphorylation of PROT correlates with the reorganization of PROT microfilaments but not with the nuclear transport of PROT.
Yes	This suggests that dephosphorylation of PROT and PROT/PROT by PROT could be implicated in the disruption of PROT-containing stress fibers and in the reorganization of microfilaments induced by this hormone.
Yes	However, upon treatment with DMSO, cytoplasmic PROT filaments were disrupted and intranuclear rod structures containing PROT and PROT were apparently larger and thicker in cells overexpressing PROT than in normal cells.
Yes	In cultured cells, PROT, as well as PROT, translocates from the cytoplasm into the nucleus together with PROT and forms rod-like structures in response to heat shock or dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO) treatment.
Yes	Stimulus-dependent disorganization of PROT filaments induced by overexpression of PROT in C2 myoblasts.
No	However, when all of the four proteins (PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT) were analysed as one group, a significant association was seen between reduction in immunoreactivity of at least one of these four proteins and the presence of metastases.
No	Reduced or absent immunoreactivity in the tumour tissue was seen in 63 (70.0 per cent) for PROT, in 50 (55.6 per cent) for PROT, and in 50 (55.6 per cent) for PROT.
Yes	Human PROT are multifunctional, single-domain proteins which directly link the PROT microfilament system to a variety of signalling pathways via two spatially distinct binding sites.
Yes	Human PROT, a PROT-like PROT, binds selectively to mixed lipid bilayers.
Yes	Human platelets contain PROT, a potential regulator of PROT polymerisability.
Yes	Hypertonicity provoked PROT-dependent tyrosine phosphorylation in PROT, PROT, and PROT(PROT) and caused the dissociation of PROT from the contacts.
Yes	Immediately after synthesis, PROT, PROT, and PROT cosedimented as complexes.
Yes	PROT was not associated with these complexes after synthesis, but a subpopulation of PROT joined the complex at a time coincident with the arrival of PROT at the plasma membrane.
No	Immunoblot and Northern blot analyses also revealed the presence of PROT, PROT, and PROT (PROT) in these cell lines.
No	Immunocytochemical localisation of PROT and PROT in the generative cell of angiosperm pollen: TEM studies on high-pressure frozen and freeze-substituted Ledebouria socialis Roth (Hyacinthaceae).
No	We attribute the detection of PROT and PROT to the applied cryomethods which yield a much better preservation of ultrastructure and antigenicity of delicate cytoskeletal constituents than conventional fixation techniques.
Yes	Immunofluorescence experiments showed that, like PROT, PROT is associated with the membrane PROT cytoskeleton.
No	In this study, we demonstrate using viscosity, sedimentation, and PROT assembly rate assays that yeast PROT (16 kD) possesses all of these properties.
Yes	The NH2-terminal 16kD of PROT, a 65-kD yeast protein identified by its ability to bind to PROT filaments, is 23% identical to yeast PROT.
Yes	We have biochemically identified the Saccharomyces cerevisiae homologue of the mammalian PROT PROT.
Yes	Immunofluorescence microscopy of monolayers between 2 and 3 h post-PROT showed that PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT were colocalized both at the cell periphery and in newly formed bands that are perpendicular to the cell-cell border.
Yes	Immunofluorescence studies with these antibodies showed PROT to be distributed throughout the Acanthamoeba cytoplasm, except for lamellipodia, with the highest fluorescence intensity in cortical regions in which monomeric PROT also was present, as shown by labeling with fluorescent PROT.
Yes	The differential localization of the three PROT monomer-binding proteins suggests that they have different biologic functions in Acanthamoeba and is consistent with the hypotheses that (1) PROT functions predominantly as an PROT monomer-binding protein; (2) PROTI regulates, or is regulated by, PIP2; and (3) PROT inhibits nucleation of new filaments and facilitates elongation of existing polarized filaments in actively motile regions.
No	Immunohistochemical identification and localization of PROT and PROT in vestibular hair cells in the normal guinea pig and in a strain of the waltzing guinea pig.
Yes	Immunohistochemical investigation of PROT-anchoring proteins PROT, PROT and PROT in rat brain following lesion: a moderate reaction, confined to the astroglia of brain tracts.
No	Immunohistochemical studies showed a strong reactivity of most LAM cells for PROT and PROT and a weak to moderate reactivity of a lesser number of cells for PROT and PROT.
Yes	Immunohistochemistry for a variety of cytokeratins (PROT) (8/18, 1/10, 7, and 20), PROT (PROT), PROT protein, PROT PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT was performed.
No	Immunohistochemistry revealed that arteries had three distinct populations of cells in respect to PROT, PROT and PROT (staining intensities '-', '+' or '++' for each protein), but only two populations in respect to PROT ('-' and '+').
No	Immunolocalization of PROT (PROT), PROT, PROT, and PROT has rarely been investigated in human cholangiocarcinoma (CC).
No	In CC, membranous expression of PROT, PROT, and PROT was the same or reduced when compared with non-cancerous bile ducts in the majority of CC.
Yes	In normal livers, PROT, PROT and PROT, but not PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, were expressed at the cell membrane of normal intrahepatic bile ducts.
Yes	We found that the down-regulation of PROT, PROT, and PROT expression significantly correlated with tumor high grade, but not with vascular invasion, metastasis, PROT expression, PROT labeling, or PROT expression, except for PROT, the down-regulation of which was associated with PROT down-regulation.
No	Immunoprecipitation of PROT was increased in response to both doses of CdCl2, while the immunoprecipitation of PROT was little changed by either cadmium dose.
Yes	Immunoprecipitation of metabolically labeled proteins with PROT revealed three bands corresponding to PROT, PROT, and PROT and a 79-kDa band which was apparently smaller than that of normal PROT, indicating truncated PROT.
Yes	Immunoprecipitations showed in both cell lines the presence of two different PROT- PROT complexes, one composed of PROT, alpha-PROT and PROT, and the other of PROT, alpha-PROT and PROT.
Yes	Immunoprecipitation with an PROT mAb, which is known to co-precipitate the PROT, demonstrated that the three poorly differentiated cell lines expressing PROT did not co-precipitate PROT, although all of the moderately-well differentiated cell lines expressed both alpha- and PROT.
No	Immunoreactive PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT proteins in hepatocellular carcinoma: relationships with tumor grade, clinicopathologic parameters, and patients' survival.
No	Immunoreactivity for PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT was observed in all 15 specimens.
Yes	Immunostaining showed that APBs also contain PROT, PROT, and PROT, proteins involved in DNA synthesis and recombination.
Yes	Impact of PROT on PROT-bound nucleotide exchange and PROT polymerization dynamics.
Yes	In 50 mM KCl, high concentrations of Acanthamoeba PROT inhibit the elongation rate of PROT filaments measured directly by electron microscopy, but the effect is minimal in KCl with 2 MgCl2.
Yes	In a blot overlay experiment, purified 125I-labeled recombinant PROT bound not only to plant PROT, but also to mammalian PROT, demonstrating that cytoskeletal components from distantly related organisms with divergent primary structures can be compatible.
No	cDNA cloning, heterologous expression, and PROT-binding properties.
Yes	In Acanthamoeba PROT polymerization is regulated, at least in part, by PROT, which binds to PROT monomers, and by PROT, which both nucleates polymerization and blocks monomer addition at the 'barbed' end of the filament.
Yes	In Acanthamoeba, the two isoforms of PROT may have specialized functions on the basis of their identical (approximately 10 microM) affinities for PROT monomers and different affinities for PIP2.
Yes	Inactivation of the PROT pathway in non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) occurs mostly through inactivation of the PROT PROT(PROT) and/or up-regulation of PROT.
Yes	In addition, interactions with components of the phosphatidylinositol cycle and the PROT pathway in yeast implicate PROT as an important link through which the PROT cytoskeleton is able to communicate with major signaling pathways.
Yes	So far, three ligands for PROT have been well-characterized in vitro: PROT monomers, membrane polyphosphoinositides and poly-L-proline.
No	In addition to their role in mismatch repair (MMR), the PROT and PROT gene products are required to remove 3' nonhomologous DNA tails during genetic recombination.
Yes	In addition to the PROT-induced increase in the general protein synthesis, stimulation with PROT led to a 2.4-fold increase in net PROT protein synthesis and a 3.3-fold increase in net PROT synthesis.
Yes	In addition, we also provide new evidence to suggest that PROT stimulation of the PROT promoter involves increased physical interactions with acetylated PROT PROT and PROT PROT.
Yes	In addition, we demonstrate that PROT and its PROT binding peptide compete with PROT segments 2-3 for binding to PROT filaments.
Yes	In addition, we have demonstrated that increased gene dosage of either PROT or PROT, two other factors required for silencing, suppresses the silencing defect of the PROT mutants.
No	In addition, we performed immunohistochemistry on sectioned PROT and PROT mutant embryos with antibodies reactive with PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT.
No	In addition, we report that radiation induced transient activation of PROT/PROT (PROT/PROT) activation and the transcription factor, PROT.
Yes	In adherens junctions, the cytoplasmic domain of PROT bind to PROT, which in turn binds to the PROT-associated protein PROT.
Yes	In a model system, the interacting proteins recruiting PROT to DNA were PROT and PROT or PROT and PROT.
Yes	In brush cells, PROT and PROT are not only present in the PROT filament core bundles of apical microvilli and their long rootlets but, in addition, both proteins are also associated with microvilli extending from the basolateral cell surface of the brush cells.
Yes	In the present study we show that brush cells can be identified in tissue sections even at the light microscopic level by immunostaining with antibodies against PROT and PROT, two proteins that crosslink PROT filaments to form bundles.
No	In cancerous tissues, the frequency of reduced expression of PROT (28 of 86, 33%) was similar to that of PROT (19 of 86, 22%), but less than that of PROT (47 of 86, 55%).
No	In this study, we immunohistochemically investigated the expression of PROT as well as PROT and PROT in 86 human colorectal cancers, and we analysed their coexpression pattern and relationship to clinicopathological factors.
Yes	In cell extracts, we found that complementary strand synthesis was inhibited by the PROT PROT(PROT/PROT) and rescued by the addition of PROT, arguing for the involvement of DNA polymerase (PROT) delta in the conversion reaction.
No	In cells lacking the PROT, the bundles, which were induced by an over-expression of PROT, shortened and became straight following hyperosmotic stress, forming a polygonal structure.
Yes	In contrast, PROT partially suppresses the temperature sensitivity of a PROT mutant, and the loss of cytoplasmic cables seen in PROT, PROT, and PROT null mutants, suggesting filament stabilizing functions for these PROT-binding proteins.
Yes	In contrast, PROT, another putative PROT-membrane linker protein, could not be detected in significant amounts in human neutrophils using a polyclonal antibody raised against chicken gizzard PROT, which reacted with human platelet and PROT.
No	In contrast, EC located immediately behind the migrating front retained junctional PROT, PROT, and PROT while PROT was absent from these sites.
No	In contrast, the PROT and PROT genes are essential for homothallic mating-type switching.
Yes	In contrast to the PROT(Min/+) enterocytes, PROT(Min/-) adenomas displayed increased expression and association of PROT, PROT, and PROT relative to PROT(+/+) controls.
Yes	In contrast to the model of PROT binding proposed for PROT, the PROT PROT-binding domain appears to associate with PROT in an extended conformation.
Yes	In COS-7 cells overexpressing a N-WASP mutant lacking the proline-rich domain (Deltap) unable to interact with PROT, the PROT tail formation of intracellular Shigella was inhibited.
Yes	Increased interaction of PROT with the PROT cytoskeleton is consistent with and might be mediated by its enhanced binding to PROT.
Yes	Increasing the ionic strength within a relatively narrow range significantly decreased ability of PROT to bind to PROT, regardless of pH.
Yes	Interaction of PROT with PROT: sensitive modulation of filament crosslinking activity.
Yes	In enriched cell lines and in a pure myocyte cell strain, PROT inhibited increases in immunoreactive PROT and PROT (PROT) normally seen after serum withdrawal.
No	In extracts from mouse brain, PROT and PROTI can form complexes with regulators of endocytosis, synaptic vesicle recycling and PROT assembly.
No	In mouse brain PROT and PROT associate with regulators of the endocytic pathway and PROT assembly.
Yes	Our findings strongly suggest that in brain PROT and PROT complexes link the PROT cytoskeleton and endocytic membrane flow, directing PROT and PROT assembly to distinct membrane domains.
Yes	In flattened cells under starvation stress, PROT localized at dramatically reorganizing PROT-cytoskeletons in ruffling membranes of the leading edge, but not at rigid PROT meshwork in focal adhesion plaques.
Yes	These results suggest that PROT may be involved in dynamic reorganization of membranous PROT cytoskeletons.
No	In growth cones, PROT was most concentrated in the margin bordering the thickened, organelle-rich central region and the thin, PROT-rich peripheral region.
Yes	PROT staining was dimmer and its colocalization with filamentous PROT bundles in growth cones was less striking than that of PROT.
No	Inhibition of 12P-CRE binding was also observed in the presence of an antibody to PROT (265-kDa PROT), an integrator and coactivator of cAMP-responsive genes.
Yes	Inhibition of PROT polymerization by a synthetic dodecapeptide patterned on the sequence around the PROT-binding site of PROT.
Yes	Inhibition of PROT polymerization in KCl was stronger than that of the parental PROT, and the Kd value of its interaction with rabbit skeletal muscle PROT, as determined by falling ball viscometry, was smaller (mean value 0.5 x 10(-6) M, as compared to 1.9 x 10(-6) M for bovine PROT).
Yes	Inhibition of PROT subfragment 1 PROT activity by analog peptides of the PROT-binding site around the Cys(SH1) of PROT.
Yes	Inhibition of PROT expression or induction of PROT PROT expression was found in mimosine-treated lung cancer cells.
Yes	Inhibition of the interactions of PROT, PROT, and PROT with PROT by phosphoinositides.
Yes	In higher plants, a large number of isoforms for the PROT monomer-binding protein PROT have been identified, whereas other organisms express only few PROT.
Yes	In infected cells, PROTROT was detected exclusively in the cytoplasm as granular fluorescence, which coincided very well with the distribution of PROTROT PROTROT and PROTROT PROT, which were also detected with specific antisera.
Yes	In investigating the mechanism by which PROT induces senescence, we have found that PROT causes a posttranscriptional accumulation of the PROT PROT(PROT) that is accompanied by an increase in PROT(PROT) specifically bound to PROT and a concomitant decrease in PROT activity.
No	In isolated hearts, PD 81,723 alone produced only a small stimulus to His bundle (S-H) interval prolongation of 1.5 to 4 msec, which was completely reversed by the PROT antagonist 8-cyclopentyltheophylline and PROT.
No	In localization studies with mammalian cells, all fusion proteins showed the localization expected for PROT in areas of high PROT dynamics, such as leading lamellae and ruffles induced by PROT.
Yes	In order to clarify PROT-dependent regulation of PROT assembly in muscle cells, PROT tagged with fluorescence dyes was introduced into C2 myoblasts by a micro injection method.
Yes	The exogeneous PROT, but not PROT, caused quick disassembly of PROT filaments and accumulated in furrow region of dividing cells.
Yes	These results suggest that the subcellular distribution of PROT as well as its interaction with PROT in vivo is regulated by its phosphorylation and dephosphorylation.
Yes	In order to determine possible changes in the cytoskeleton organization and function during these processes, we have studied the in situ distribution of two major cytoskeleton-associated elements involved in the membrane anchorage of PROT microfilaments, i.e. PROT and PROT, during the ontogeny of the neural crest and its derivatives in the avian embryo.
Yes	In order to help explain the apparent beneficial effects of PROT over-expression, a number of closely associated cell cycle proteins have also been evaluated, including the PROT PROT, which blocks the activating effects of PROT.
Yes	In reconstitution experiments, PROT filaments incubated in EGTA with purified PROT and PROT form smooth-sided bundles containing an apparently random number of filaments.
Yes	In resting leukocytes, PROT are constitutively linked to the PROT cytoskeleton via the protein PROT.
No	In search for genes which might participate in chicken PROT gene conversion, we have identified chicken counterparts of the yeast PROT, PROT, and PROT genes.
No	PROT, PROT, and PROT messenger RNAs in skeletal muscle after an injection of growth hormone in subjects over 60 years old.
Yes	PROT stimulates PROT and PROT synthesis in the awake rat.
No	To determine the effect of PROT (PROT) on cardiac contractile protein synthesis in vivo, we measured L-[ring-2, 6-3H]phenylalanine incorporation into PROT and PROT during intravenous infusions (4 h) of either saline or PROT (1 microgram. kg-1. min-1) in awake rats.
Yes	Integrating the PROT and PROT cytoskeletons.
Yes	Integrin (beta) chains, for example, interact with PROT (e.g. PROT and PROT), which form mechanical links to the cytoskeleton.
Yes	PROT binding may be promoted by disruption of links to the cytoskeleton, effected through depolymerisation of PROT or cleavage of linking protein PROT by PROT.
Yes	Interaction between PROTROT (PROTROTROT) and PROTROT (PROTROT) of human parainfluenza virus type 2: one of the two PROTROTROT binding sites on PROTROT is essential for granule formation.
Yes	Interaction of PROT with PROT controls the association of apical PROT in epithelial cells.
Yes	The quantity of the complex is reduced by treatment of Caco-2 cells with the alkylating agent N-ethylmaleimide which also has an inhibitory effect on the ability of PROT to associate with PROT in vitro.
Yes	Interactions of PROT/PROT, PROT/3 complex, PROT and PROT in remodeling of branched PROT filament networks.
Yes	Interestingly, the regions that show the most structural diversity are located at or near the PROT-binding site of PROT.
Yes	Interestingly, two major PROT found in brain, PROT and PROT, specifically interact with phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate, and may themselves play a role in regulating phosphoinositide turnover.
Yes	In the PROT assay system, silencing depends completely upon the function of the PROT genes, known trans-acting regulators of the silent loci, and is sensitive to the gene dosage of two PROT genes, PROT and PROT.
No	In the basal layer, patches of brightly labeled cells were detected with antibodies to PROT, PROT, and PROT, but not with antibodies to PROT, PROT, or with PROT and PROT antibodies.
No	In the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae, the DNA damage-induced G2 arrest requires the checkpoint control genes PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT.
Yes	In the cytoplasm, PROT was shown to stimulate the PROT-PROT-PROT (PROT) cascade, which is essential for activation of transcription factor PROT.
No	In the hippocampus, ATP gamma S, an ATP analogue more resistant to catabolism than ATP, was virtually devoid of effect on tritium release, and the effect of ATP was prevented by the PROT inhibitor alpha,beta-methylene ADP (100 microM), by PROT (2 U/ml) and by the PROT antagonist 1,3-dipropyl-8-cyclopentylxanthine (DPCPX, 20 nM).
Yes	In their cytoplasmic region, some of these receptors share a conserved sequence motif - the 'death domain' - which is required for transduction of the apoptotic signal by recruiting other death-domain-containing adaptor molecules like the PROT-associated protein PROT/PROT or the PROT-associated protein PROT [2-4].
No	In the present paper, using indirect immunofluorescence, we found that PMN adhesion to PROT-activated endothelial cells (EC) induced the disappearance from endothelial cell-to-cell contacts of adherens junction (AJ) components: vascular endothelial (VE)-cadherin, PROT, PROT, and PROT.
No	In the present work we have used PROT and PROT injections, as well as latrunculin B and cytochalasin D treatments, under quantitatively controlled conditions, to perturb PROT microfilament structure and assembly in an attempt to answer this question.
Yes	In these investigations, we determine that recruitment of a coactivator protein, PROT (the PROT), to the PROT or PROT promoter is the molecular mechanism of transcriptional activation by PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	In this PROT clustering, PROT, a monomeric PROT-binding protein that has been suggested to be involved in PROT polymerization, was shown to be essential.
No	In this case, efficient repair does not require PROT and PROT, consistent with our previous observations.
Yes	In this model, PROT can bind both to PROT monomers with a Kd of about 5 microM and to the barbed end of PROT filaments with a Kd of about 50-100 microM.
Yes	Quantitative analysis of the effect of Acanthamoeba PROT on PROT filament nucleation and elongation.
Yes	The current view of the mechanism of action of Acanthamoeba PROT is that it binds to PROT monomers, forming a complex that cannot polymerize [Tobacman, L. S., & Korn, E. D. (1982) J. Biol. Chem. 257, 4166-4170; Tseng, P., & Pollard, T. D. (1982) J. Cell Biol. 94, 213-218; Tobacman, L. S., Brenner, S. L., & Korn, E. D. (1983) J. Biol. Chem. 258, 8806-8812].
Yes	This model includes two different Kd's--one for PROT bound to PROT monomers and one for PROT bound to an PROT molecule at the barbed end of a filament.
Yes	In this recombinant expression system, the PROT relatives, human PROT (PROT or PROT) and the PROT from Torpedo electric organ, also bind to translated PROT.
Yes	In this study, by immunoprecipitation and affinity chromatography it is shown that PROT and PROT interact in pig brain cortical membranes.
Yes	In this study, the expressions of smooth muscle-specific proteins (PROT, PROT, PROT and the PROT isoforms of PROT and PROT) in three parent and four cloned neuroblastoma cell lines, composed of S-type cells, were examined by indirect immunofluorescence, Western blot and/or by reverse transcription-PROT chain reaction (RT-PCR).
Yes	In this study the role of PROT, PROT, and PROT in mismatch repair has been examined by measuring the rate of accumulating mutations and mutation spectrum in strains containing different combinations of PROT, PROT, and PROT mutations and by studying the physical interaction between the PROT protein and the PROT and PROT proteins.
No	Redundancy of Saccharomyces cerevisiae PROT and PROT in PROT-dependent mismatch repair.
Yes	The results indicate that S. cerevisiae has two pathways of PROT-dependent mismatch repair: one that recognized single-base mispairs and requires PROT and PROT, and a second that recognizes insertion/deletion mispairs and requires a combination of either PROT and PROT or PROT and PROT.
No	In this study we aimed to determine which type of expression abnormalities for PROT, PROT and PROT correlate with clinico-pathological features and survival in gastric cancer.
Yes	In this study we demonstrate that PROT PROT and PROT PROT synthesized in young (5 hr) conjugating Tetrahymena are deposited into micronuclei in acetylated forms.
Yes	In this study, we demonstrate that PROT isoforms expressed in a single cell can have different effects on PROT in living cells and that the poly-L-proline binding function of PROT may have important consequences for the regulation of PROT cytoskeletal dynamics in plant cells.
Yes	Recently, we characterized several PROT isoforms from maize pollen for their ability to alter cytoarchitecture when microinjected into living plant cells and for their association with poly-L-proline and monomeric PROT from maize pollen.
Yes	The affinity of PROT for monomeric PROT, which was measured by two independent methods, is similar to that of the three PROT isoforms previously identified in pollen.
Yes	When PROT was microinjected into plant cells, the effect on PROT-dependent nuclear position was significantly more rapid than that of another pollen PROT isoform, PROT.
No	In this work we report that the Saccharomyces cerevisiae PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT checkpoint genes are required for efficient non-homologous end joining (NHEJ).
Yes	In three of the cell lines with PROT mutations, complexes of PROT with PROT and PROT were detectable.
Yes	Introduction of high concentrations of PROT (estimated injected intracellular concentration 11-22 microM) into infected PtK2 cells causes a marked slowing of PROT tail elongation and bacterial migration.
Yes	In vitro, PROT purified from some of these mutants is defective in polymerization or binding PROT.
Yes	In vitro studies indicated that suramin completely blocked PROT activation or phosphorylation stimulated by PROT, inhibited activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase (PROT) kinases (PROT/2) and PROT1/2, and abrogated transcription factor PROT DNA-binding activity.
Yes	In vivo importance of PROT nucleotide exchange catalyzed by PROT.
Yes	PROT, an PROT mutant with an increased intrinsic rate of nucleotide exchange, suppressed defects in PROT organization, cell growth, and fluid-phase endocytosis of PROT, a PROT mutant defective in PROT binding.
Yes	The PROT monomer-binding protein, PROT, influences the dynamics of PROT filaments in vitro by suppressing nucleation, enhancing nucleotide exchange on PROT, and promoting barbed-end assembly.
Yes	To study PROT function, we extensively mutagenized the Saccharomyces cerevisiae PROT gene (PROT) and examined the consequences of specific point mutations on growth and PROT organization.
Yes	Involvement of PROT in the PROT-based motility of L. monocytogenes in cells and in cell-free extracts.
No	Isolation and characterization of death domain (PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT/PROT, PROT) and PROT domain-containing proteins (PROT-1, PROT-2, PROT-3) have partially bridged a large molecular gap within one of several signaling pathways which originate at the plasma membrane and terminate in the nucleus.
Yes	Isolation of PROT from embryonic chicken skeletal muscle and evaluation of its interaction with different PROT isoforms.
Yes	These results indicate that the assembly of cytoskeletal and PROT is regulated differently by PROT in the developing skeletal muscle, and that the former may not be involved in myofibril assembly.
Yes	Isolation of human PROT and its binding specificity with PROT.
No	Isolation of human PROT and PROT for measurement of fractional synthesis rates.
No	Using sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE), we have developed a simple method to isolate PROT (PROT) and PROT from small (60-80 mg) human skeletal muscle samples for the determination of their fractional synthesis rates.
Yes	It is also possible that PtdIns-4,5-P2 has other roles, such as promoting the release of G PROT from PROT or promoting the cross-linking of PROT or its anchorage to the plasma membrane.
Yes	It is estimated that at optimal levels of transcription, every molecule of viral genomic RNA associates with approximately the following number of protein molecules: 30 molecules of PROTROT, 120 molecules of PROTROT PROT, and 60 molecules each of PROTROT and PROT.
Yes	Native PROT, purified from extracts of lung epithelial cells by affinity binding to a poly-L-proline matrix, stimulated the PROT-saturated RSV transcription by 2.5- to 3-fold.
No	It reduced the rate of PROT polymerization as reported in the cases of PROT from other organisms.
Yes	It therefore appears that PROT and PROT multigene families are both expressed in a species specific fashion but are independently regulated within a species.
No	Regulation of PROT and PROT isogenes expression during cardiac growth.
No	The PROT phenotype is developmentally and hormonally regulated, but less is known concerning the PROT phenotype.
Yes	Kinetic measurements indicate that PROT binding to PROT weakens the affinity of PROT for nucleotides primarily due to an increased nucleotide dissociation rate constant, but the nucleotide association rate constant is also increased about 2-fold.
Yes	The data suggest that PROT binding to PROT weakens nucleotide binding to PROT by disrupting Mg(2+) coordination in the PROT central cleft.
Yes	Kinetic studies on the effect of yeast PROT on yeast PROT polymerization.
Yes	The results suggest some cooperativity with respect to PROT binding to filamentous PROT which may be pH dependent.
No	Lack of detection in these preparations of a constituent that binds RBC PROT antibody plus the presence of significant quantities of PROT, further suggests that the principal membrane skeletal element is PROT with perhaps smaller quantities of a 240-kd component, identified by others as the protein PROT.
No	Lethality of the PROTDelta PROTDelta and PROTDelta PROT double mutants can also be rescued by mutations in the DNA damage checkpoint functions PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, indicating that the PROT PROT and PROT PROT mutant combinations lead to an intermediate that is sensed by these checkpoint functions.
Yes	Like PROT, the PROT-associated proteins PROT, PROT and the PROT were also found to accumulate around entering bacteria.
Yes	Like PROT, PROT phosphorylated PROT specifically at Ser-3 and induced formation of PROT stress fibers and focal adhesions.
No	Like the PROT, the major central part of the PROT is made up of repeat units of 106 amino-acids.
Yes	PROT (PROT) phosphorylates PROT, an PROT-depolymerizing factor, and regulates PROT cytoskeletal reorganization.
No	Linkage between cancer susceptibility and the candidate DNA mismatch repair genes PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT (PROT) was investigated.
Yes	Live dynamics of Dictyostelium PROT suggests a role in remodeling PROT latticework into bundles.
Yes	These results demonstrate that PROT plays a crucial role in vivo in rapid remodeling of the cortical PROT meshwork into bundles.
Yes	Localization of PROT to the leading edge of a migrating cell can lead to local accumulation of PROT, which in turn can supply PROT monomers to growing filament ends.
No	Location of PROT at presynaptic sites in the cerebellar cortex; implication for the regulation of the PROT-polymerization state during axonal elongation and synaptogenesis.
No	Loss of memberanous expression of PROT, PROT and PROT was demonstrated in 52%, 85% and 40% of tumours respectively.
No	There was a trend towards an association between advanced tumour stage and loss of membranous expression of PROT or PROT, although these associations were not statistically significant.
No	Mammalian homologues of two important yeast genes involved in DNA double-strand break repair and recombination, PROT and PROT, have been isolated.
Yes	Mammalian PROT (PROT) phosphorylate PROT and induce PROT cytoskeletal reorganization.
Yes	MATERIALS AND METHODS: A mutation in the PROT heavy chain (PROT) predicted to interfere strongly with PROT's binding to PROT was designed and used to create an animal model for HCM.
No	PROT and PROT inhibited both PROT- and PROT-induced apoptosis as well as killing mediated by overexpression of the downstream adaptors PROT and PROT.
Yes	PROT is the previously identified PROT, which encodes PROT, required for proper organization of the PROT cytoskeleton.
Yes	Mechanism of inhibition of PROT-dependent DNA synthesis by the PROT PROT.
Yes	Mechanism of regulation of PROT polymerization by Physarum PROT.
Yes	The apparent critical concentration for polymerization of PROT is increased by the addition of PROT.
Yes	Membranous staining and concomitant cytoplasmic localization of PROT, PROT and PROT were seen in one case with abnormal PROT immunoreactivity.
No	METHODS AND RESULTS: The frequency-dependent effects of iodotubercidin (ITU, an inhibitor of PROT), erythro-9-(2-hydroxy-3-nonyl)adenine (EHNA, an inhibitor of PROT), draflazine (a nucleoside transport blocker), and PD81,723 (an allosteric enhancer of the PROT binding) on the stimulus-to-His bundle (SH) interval, a measure of AV nodal conduction, were determined in guinea pig hearts and compared with those of adenosine and diltiazem.
No	The AV nodal effects of draflazine, ITU, EHNA, and PD81,723 were reversed by the PROT antagonist 8-cyclopentyltheophylline and PROT, implicating endogenous adenosine acting at the PROT.
No	METHODS: Ileal and colonic biopsy specimens from 19 SpA patients with subclinical inflammatory gut lesions and from seven controls were stained with monoclonal antibodies against PROT, PROT and PROT and a polyclonal antibody against PROT.
No	METHODS: Paraffin-embedded sections of five AVMs, CCMs, and control brain tissues were stained immunohistochemically with antibodies to PROT (PROT), PROT, and PROT, a novel marker for contractile VSMC phenotype.
Yes	METHODS: Tumor samples from 77 patients with squamous cell carcinoma of the esophagus were immunohistochemically evaluated for the expression of 10 molecules: the cell cycle-related molecules of PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT; the cell-cell adhesion molecules of PROT, PROT, and PROT; and the PROT of PROT and PROT.
No	METHODS: We have performed a detailed study of the pattern of expression of PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT) isoforms, PROT (PROT), PROT and PROT (PROT), in the ventricular conduction system of normal and congenitally malformed mouse hearts (iv background) from embryonic day 14.5 to 19.5.
No	METHODS: We immunohistochemically investigated the expression of PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT) and PROT (PROT) during human intrahepatic bile duct development, using 31 fetal livers of various gestational ages.
Yes	Microinjection or stable expression of PROT into keratinocytes promotes the loss of PROT and PROT and relocalization of PROT to the cytoplasm and nucleus.
No	Mitochondrial genes (16.2%), PROT genes (9%) and the PROT gene (9%) were the most abundant transcripts.
Yes	PROT is fused in-frame to a different exon of PROT in two patients producing chimeric proteins containing the AT-hooks, PROT homology domain, and transcriptional repression domain of PROT fused to the PROT binding domain or to the bromodomain of PROT.
Yes	Modifying preselected sites on proteins: the stretch of residues 633-642 of the PROT is part of the PROT-binding site.
Yes	Molecular analysis of the PROT-PROT complex elucidated the central role of PROT in this adhesion complex, as it binds to the cytoplasmic domain of E-PROT and to alpha-PROT.
Yes	PROT may also function in signalling pathways, given its homology to the gene product of the Drosophila segment polarity gene PROT, which is known to be involved in the wingless signalling cascade.
Yes	Molecular cloning and primary structure analysis demonstrated that PROT is homologous to PROT and the PROT is homologous to human PROT and the Drosophila gene product PROT.
Yes	One complex is composed of PROT, alpha- and PROT, the other of PROT, PROT and PROT.
Yes	[Molecular functions of PROT which regulates reorganization of PROT cytoskeleton].
Yes	Molecules known to link PROT filaments to membrane were also examined, including PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, but none was identified at the host-parasite junction.
Yes	Other PROT-associated proteins, including PROT, PROT, and PROT, are not present.
Yes	Monoclonal antibodies recognizing the N- and C-terminal regions of PROT disrupt PROT stress fibers when microinjected into human fibroblasts.
Yes	These results show that the C-terminal PROT-binding site is distinct from the region recognized by the anti-functional antibody PROT, raising the possibility that it binds to a novel functionally important ligand-binding site in the PROT molecule.
Yes	To investigate the possibility that PROT disrupts PROT stress fibers by binding directly to the C-terminal PROT binding site, additional PROT fusion proteins were generated and analyzed for PROT and PROT binding.
No	Monocytes and in vitro differentiated U937 cells induce focal loss in the staining of PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT during transendothelial migration under physiological flow conditions.
Yes	Moreover, PROT, but not PROT or PROT, appears to co-localize with PROT microfilaments in the membrane ruffles of NK cells that undergo cytoskeleton rearrangement following PROT cross-linking.
Yes	Moreover, ectopic expression of PROT and PROT can stimulate the PROT promoter in an PROT-dependent manner, and this is inhibited by coexpression of the PROT(PROT) PROT.
No	Moreover, in the presence of PROT, rapid interconversion of monomeric and polymeric forms of PROT can be induced by simply changing the pH of the medium.
Yes	pH control of PROT polymerization by PROT.
No	Moreover, the virus-encoded PROT homolog was not required for PROT-associated events, including intracellular virus movement to the periphery of the cell, formation of specialized microvilli, or release of mature virions, as shown by electron microscopy and yields of infectious intra- and extracellular virus.
Yes	Most of these PROT, with their intracellular domains, interact with the PROT-containing cytoskeleton, via linking proteins such as PROT and PROT, while one of them interacts with the PROT filaments, via an as yet unknown linking molecule(s).
Yes	Most previous studies have focused on PROT itself rather than its complex with PROT.
Yes	Motile areas of leech neurites are rich in microfilaments and two PROT: PROT and PROT.
Yes	The colocalization of PROT and PROT in motile, microfilament-rich areas supports the hypothesis that they synergistically regulate the PROT dynamics that underlie neurite growth.
Yes	Mutants of PROT and PROT, which encode PROT and PROT respectively, display disorganized PROT patches in all cells.
No	Mutations in PROT, PROT, and PROT cause a and alpha cells to exhibit the bipolar pattern, indicating that these genes are necessary to specify the axial budding pattern (Chant, J., and I. Herskowitz. 1991. Cell. 65:1203-1212; Fujita, A., C. Oka, Y. Arikawa, T. Katagi, A. Tonouchi, S. Kuhara, and Y. Misumi. 1994. Nature (Lond.). 372:567-570).
Yes	Mutations in PROT and PROT, the two yeast PROT homologs, cause very similar growth phenotypes, a depolarized PROT cytoskeleton, and a defect in the internalization step of endocytosis.
No	Mutations in PROT cause increased rates of mitotic crossing over and are lethal in combination with mutations in PROT and PROT.
No	Mutations in Saccharomyces cerevisiae PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT increased the rate of genome rearrangements up to 200-fold whereas mutations in PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT had little effect.
Yes	Mutations that alter putative RNA-binding residues of either PROT RRM are lethal in vivo, but do not prevent binding to PROT in vitro, suggesting that the predicted RNA-binding surfaces of PROT are not required for interaction with PROT.
Yes	Recombinant PROT protein has a general RNA-binding activity that does not require PROT.
Yes	PROT shows homology to the head domains and the coiledcoil tail of the conventional PROT and carries putative binding sites for ATP and PROT.
No	PROT mRNAs were transiently expressed in forming myotubes.
No	PROT and PROT mRNAs were detected precociously, before the young myotube stage.
Yes	Neither can PROT, in the presence of the peptide, promote PROT polymerization during its early phase consistent with a lower affinity.
Yes	The resulting PROT-peptide complex overcomes the combined capacity of PROT and PROT to inhibit PROT nucleation and restores the extent of filament formation.
Yes	Newly disclosed interactions between PROT, exchange factors for PROT of the PROT and PROT families, the translational regulator PROT, and PROT like PROT might integrate activity-dependent and trophic-factor-mediated signals at developing postsynaptic sites.
Yes	N-formyl peptide chemoattractants in neutrophils stimulate the formation of phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate (PIP2), a reservoir for second messenger molecules and regulator of PROT assembly through its association with the PROT, PROT, and PROT.
No	PROTo evidence for the surface expression of the phosphoprotein (PROT), matrix (PROT) or nucleocapsid (PROT) proteins was found.
No	No significant changes in glomerular PROT, PROT, PROT, or total PROT expression occurred at any time point during disease development.
Yes	Notably, the two pro-apoptotic adapter proteins PROT and PROT are also involved in the activation of PROT.
Yes	OBJECTIVE: To determine whether other PROT (PROT) binding PROT can mimic the effects of PROT (PROT) in acting synergistically with PROT (PROT) to induce cartilage PROT breakdown and PROT expression, and to determine which receptors mediate these effects.
No	Of the five major structural proteins of MV, only nucleocapsid (PROT) protein and PROT (PROT) were consistently detected in diseased brain areas.
Yes	PROT and PROT were phosphorylated before the infected myotubes entered S phase, despite the high expression of the PROT PROT, and PROT was released.
Yes	Once the PROT monomer is bound to the filament, the PROT is released, and is available to bind to additional PROT monomers.
Yes	One involves PROT, which has recently been shown to bind PROT directly.
Yes	One, PROT (also called PROT), binds to PROT/PROT but not to PROT; another, PROT, binds to the PROT PROT but not to PROT/PROT; and the third, PROT, binds weakly to both receptors.
Yes	One mutation, PROT, is in the gene encoding PROT, another PROT, which was expected because null mutations in PROT and PROT are known to be synthetic-lethal.
Yes	One such protein is the yeast PROT PROT, which is homologous to vertebrate PROT (Adams, A. E. M., D. Botstein, and D. G. Drubin. 1991. Nature (Lond.). 354:404-408.).
Yes	Only the unphosphorylated form of PROT is an active form that binds PROT, whereas the regulatory mechanisms of PROT have not been elucidated.
Yes	On the basis of these results, we present a model for prereplicative site formation in infected cells in which the PROT components (PROT, PROT, and PROT), the PROT (PROT), and the viral PROT (PROT) assemble together to initiate the process.
Yes	We observed that four replication proteins, PROT, PROT PROT, and PROT, are necessary for the localization of PROT (PROT) to prereplicative sites natural infection conditions.
No	On the internal (cytoplasmic) side of focal contacts, several proteins, including PROT and PROT, mediate interactions with the PROT filament bundles of the cytoskeleton.
Yes	On the other hand, we have recently proposed the importance of PROT, an PROT-binding phosphoprotein, in phagocyte functions through dephosphorylation and translocation to the plasma membrane regions.
No	Opposite effects of PROT and PROT from porcine brain on rate of exchange of PROT-bound adenosine 5'-triphosphate.
Yes	Other mammalian PROT such as PROT and PROT but also PROT from Physarum polycephalum are similar targets for PIP2-stimulated PROT(PROT) phosphorylation.
No	PROT-mediated cell injury exhibited proteolysis of the PROT protein substrate PROT without appreciable breakdown of PROT.
Yes	Other than monomeric PROT, no major PROT ligands are detected in crude extracts.
Yes	Our results show that the major pool of polymerizable PROT monomers is complexed with PROT and spread throughout the cytoplasm.
Yes	Selective monoclonal antibodies confirm that most of the PROT is bound to PROT: 65% in extract immunoadsorption assays and 74-89% by fluorescent antibody staining.
Yes	We used biochemical fractionation, immunoassays and microscopy of live and fixed Acanthamoeba to determine how much PROT is bound to its known ligands: PROT, membrane PIP(2), PROT/3 complex and polyproline sequences.
Yes	Our data indicate that even PROT of highly distant evolutionary origin can functionally substitute for each other and support the hypothesis that in animal cells, PROT are engaged in regulating either the stability or the kinetic properties of PROT filaments.
Yes	Our data, which suggest that pollen PROT can regulate PROT-based cytoskeletal protein assembly and PROT or phosphatase activity, indicate a possible role for the involvement of PROT in signaling pathways that may regulate pollen tube growth.
Yes	Our in vitro recombinant protein-protein interaction studies demonstrated that PROT could directly interact with PROT and PROT but not with PROT.
Yes	Our results showed that cell morphology, cell adhesion pattern, PROT organization, and distribution of PROT subunits, PROT, PROT, and phosphotyrosine-containing proteins are dependent on the supramolecular organization of the PROT.
Yes	Overexpression of a gene fragment encoding the PROT binding domain of PROT stimulates transcription from the PROT gene promoter.
Yes	Overexpression of PROT stimulates bundling of PROT filaments, membrane ruffling, and cell movement in Dictyostelium.
Yes	Overexpression of PROT and PROT (PROT): effect on cell cycle regulation in HeLa cells.
Yes	PROT (PROTWAF1/PROT), a PROT, induces G1 arrest and can inhibit the activity of the PROT (PROT).
No	PROTanels of six to 31 PROTAbs against the haemagglutinin (PROTROT), fusion (PROTROT), nucleocapsid protein (PROTROT), phosphoprotein (PROT) and matrix (PROT) proteins of PROTV and the PROTROT, PROTROT, PROTROT and PROTROT of CDV were employed.
No	Particle aggregates associated with this array of PROT microfilaments also labeled with antibodies to PROT, PROT and PROT.
No	PROT expression is a better indicator of clinical outcome than alterations in the expression of PROT, PROT, PROT, or PROT.
No	PROT treatment had no effect on PROT, PROT, or microtubule distribution in BALB/c-3T3 cells; in addition, exposure of cells to 5% platelet-poor plasma (PPP), 0.1% PPP, 30 ng/ml PROT (PROT), 30 ng/ml PROT, or 10 microM PROT also had no effect on PROT or PROT distribution.
No	Pervanadate caused a dramatic augmentation of the phosphorylation of PROT, PROT, and PROT (PROT), but PROT was not detectably phosphorylated.
Yes	PROT-dependent downregulation of PROT-PROT activity was associated with increased binding of the PROT, PROT(PROT/PROT), to the PROT-PROT complex.
No	Phosphoinositides bind to PROT and regulate PROT-based cytoskeletal protein assembly.
Yes	Phosphorylation of PROT by PROT was not affected by the presence of various concentrations of PROT.
Yes	Phosphorylation of the headpiece domain could regulate the PROT binding and bundling properties of PROT, or it could regulate the interaction of PROT with other proteins.
Yes	Photochemical cleavage of PROT and the effect on the interaction with PROT.
No	PROT is one of a complex of genes encoding DNA repair proteins that includes PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT.
No	Polyacrylamide gels of platelets heated at 45 degrees C for 90 minutes showed an increase in PROT incorporation into heated platelet cytoskeletons but no increase in filamentous PROT.
No	Porcine arterial SMCs in culture not only express high levels of alpha-smooth muscle (SM) actin but, contrary to rodent SMCs, also maintain an appreciable expression of SM myosin heavy chain isoforms 1 and 2, PROT, and PROT, a recently described late differentiation marker of vascular SMCs.
No	Previously, we have shown that in the absence of PROT, repair is nearly absent and diploid cells lose the broken chromosome; however, in cells lacking PROT, gene conversion is absent but cells can repair the DSB by BIR.
Yes	Previous studies have yielded conflicting results concerning the physiological role of PROT, a 12-15-kD PROT- and phosphoinositide-binding protein, as a regulator of PROT polymerization.
Yes	Production of PIP and PIP2 may be important downstream signals since these polyphosphoinositides are able to regulate the interaction of PROT and PROT with PROT.
Yes	PROT and PROT have similar affinities for PtdIns(4,5)P2 and poly(L-proline), and both accelerate nucleotide exchange on monomeric PROT to the same extent.
Yes	PROT binds PROT with a similar affinity to that of PROT, although it inhibits PROT polymerization more strongly than PROT under non-equilibrium conditions.
Yes	Since functional characteristics for PROT are lacking, we assayed the PROT, the phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate and the poly(L-proline) binding properties of this isoform.
Yes	PROT is generally thought to regulate PROT polymerization, but the observation that acidic phospholipids dissociate the complex of PROT and PROT raised the possibility that PROT might also regulate lipid metabolism.
Yes	The PROT PROT binds to PIP2 and inhibits its hydrolysis by PROT.
Yes	The cellular concentrations and binding characteristics of these molecules are consistent with PROT being a negative regulator of the phosphoinositide signaling pathway in addition to its established function as an inhibitor of PROT polymerization.
Yes	PROT also bind polyphosphoinositides, which can disrupt the PROT-PROT complex, and proline-rich ligands which localize PROT to sites requiring extensive PROT filament accumulation.
Yes	Protein phosphorylation of PROT, an PROT that depolymerizes PROT filaments, suppresses its function.
No	Proteolytic activity was not detected with PROT, PROT, or PROT substrates.
Yes	PROT fragments form complexes with PROT, PROT, and PROT, all components of adherens junctions.
No	PtK2 cells of exceptionally large size were microinjected with fluorescently labeled probes for PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT in order to follow the assembly of the contractile proteins into the cleavage furrows.
Yes	The presence of PROT in the cleavage furrows also suggests the possibility of an overlapping mechanism in addition to that of a PROT mediated mechanism for the attachment of PROT filaments to the cell surfaces in the cleavage furrow.
No	Pulse-chase biosynthetic labeling experiments demonstrated that contractile arrest accelerated the loss of isotopic tracer from the total myofibrillar protein fraction, PROT (PROT), and PROT, but not PROT.
No	Purification of a cortical complex containing two unconventional PROT from Acanthamoeba by affinity chromatography on PROT-agarose.
Yes	Pyrenyliodoacetamide labeling of cysteine 374 of PROT reduces the affinity for PROT 10-fold.
Yes	Replacement of serine 38 with cysteine created a unique site where labeling with rhodamine did not alter the affinity of PROT for PROT.
Yes	Three methods, fluorescence anisotropy of rhodamine-labeled PROT, intrinsic fluorescence and nucleotide exchange, give the same affinity, Kd = 0.1 microM, for Acanthamoeba PROTs binding amoeba PROT monomers with bound Mg-ATP.
Yes	Quantitation of the appearance of PROT banding in primary cultures of myotubes indicates that it precedes that of other myofibrillar proteins and that assembly takes place in the following order: PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	Recently it has been established, through a detailed biochemical analysis, that recombinant Arabidopsis thaliana PROT (PROT) is a member of the PROT family of PROT filament bundling or cross-linking proteins [D.R. Kovar et al. (2000) Plant J 24:625-636].
Yes	Recently we reported that the isolated 23 kDa N-terminal fragment of PROT, which contains the 'consensus' ATP binding site, binds to PROT in an ATP-sensitive manner (Muhlrad, A. (1989) Biochemistry 28, 4002).
Yes	Recombinant human PROT can simultaneously bind to the PROT/PROT complex but does not bind PROT directly.
Yes	Recruitment of a PROT to PROT-rich protrusions in Dictyostelium.
No	Redistribution of PROT, PROT and phosphatidylinositol-4, 5-bisphosphate in growing and maturing root hairs.
No	Reduced PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT expression correlated closely with the differentiation grade of the esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (p < 0.05).
No	Reduced expression of PROT, PROT, and PROT was observed in 64% (87 of 135), 50% (43 of 86), and 58% (50 of 86) of the specimens tested, respectively.
No	Reduced expression of PROT and PROT, as well as mutations in the PROT gene, have been found in various carcinomas, whereas mutations in the alpha- and PROT genes have been described only in carcinoma cell lines.
No	Regulation of PROT and PROT isogenes during cardiac growth and hypertrophy.
Yes	Reinvestigation of the inhibition of PROT polymerization by PROT.
Yes	The very much lower affinity of PROT for modified PROT explains the anomalous critical concentrations curves obtained for 5-10% pyrenyl-labeled PROT in the presence of PROT and the apparently weak inhibition by PROT of the rate of filament elongation when polymerization is quantified by the increase in fluorescence of pyrenyl-labeled PROT.
No	Removal of one nonhomologous DNA end during gene conversion by a PROT- and PROT-independent pathway.
Yes	Removal of the amino-terminal tails of either PROT PROT or PROT PROT allowed these polyamides to bind.
Yes	Requirement of the yeast PROT and PROT genes for PROT-dependent genomic stability.
Yes	Results from epistasis analyses indicate that PROT functions in mismatch repair in conjunction with PROT or PROT and that PROT and PROT constitute alternate pathways of PROT-dependent mismatch repair.
Yes	Requirement of yeast PROT for PROT organization and morphogenesis in vivo.
No	Resonance energy transfer determination of the following distances, using a hybrid PROT: those between Cys-55 on the Mercenaria PROT, SH-1 on the Aequipecten PROT, and Cys-374 of PROT.
Yes	Reversible binding of PROT to PROT and PROT in human platelet extracts.
Yes	Sepharose beads coupled to either monoclonal anti-PROT antibodies or to polyproline were used to extract PROT and PROT, respectively, from EGTA-containing platelet extracts and determine the proportion of these molecules bound to PROT with sufficient affinity to withstand dilution (high-affinity complexes).
Yes	PROT, within seconds, caused quantitative conversion of PROT and gelsolin to high-affinity complexes with PROT, but these complexes were not present 5 min after stimulation.
Yes	PROT, one of the cleavage products, enhanced interaction between PROT and PROT/PROT and increased cells' sensitivity to PROT.
Yes	Rod formation was prevented by coexpression of PROT, PROT, and PROT, which bind to the PROT repeats of PROT, but not by coexpression of PROT, although PROT expression did prevent accumulation of PROT in the nucleus.
Yes	Role of PROT in PROT-stimulated PROT polymerization and lamellipod protrusion.
Yes	These results support a model in which PROT stimulation recruits PROT to the leading edge where its severing activity is activated, leading to the generation of short PROT filaments with free barbed ends that participate in the nucleation of PROT polymerization.
Yes	To investigate the role of PROT in PROT-stimulated PROT polymerization and lamellipod extension in MTLn3 cells, we examined in detail the temporal and spatial distribution of PROT relative to free barbed ends and characterized the PROT dynamics by measuring the changes in the number of PROT filaments.
Yes	Saccharomyces cerevisiae PROT functions with PROT, 2 and 4 in a pathway leading to normal microtubule stability.
Yes	Saccharomyces cerevisiae PROT was identified in a two-hybrid screen using PROT as "bait," and pairwise interactions between PROT and PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT subsequently were demonstrated by two-hybrid analysis.
No	SDS-PAGE analysis of growth cone cytoskeletons revealed the presence of several major bands, identified by their mobility as PROT (43 kDa Mr), PROT (195 kDa Mr), PROT (235 and 240 kDa Mr), and PROT (51-54 kDa Mr).
Yes	Semiserial sections were subjected to immunohistochemical staining with antibodies to PROT (PROT), PROT and PROT isoforms: PROT, PROT and PROT.
No	Sequence analysis of the genes encoding the PROTROTROT and PROTROT (PROTROT) of phocid distemper virus, and editing of the PROTROT gene transcript.
Yes	Sequences upstream of the coding region for PROT protein share homology with the damage response sequence element of PROT, an upstream activating sequence required for damage regulation of the PROT transcript, and also contain two sites for restriction enzyme PROT; the presence of PROT restriction sites has been associated with cell cycle regulation.
No	A 1.6-kb transcript corresponding to PROT was observed, and levels of this transcript increased rapidly after exposure to relatively low doses of X-rays.
Yes	Ser-133 phosphorylation enhances PROT activity by promoting interaction with a 265-kDa PROT binding protein referred to as PROT (Arias, J., Alberts, A., Brindle, P., Claret, F., Smeal, T., Karin, M., Feramisco, J., and Montminy, M. (1994) Nature 370, 226-228; Chrivia, J. C., Kwok, R. P., Lamb, N., Hagiwara, M., Montminy, M. R., and Goodman, R. H. (1993) Nature 365, 855-859).
Yes	Seventeen embryonic genes were identified as PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT (PROT), PROT, PROT, PROT PROT, PROT and nine novel sequences designated as A1-9.
Yes	Several intracellular proteins termed PROT, including PROT, PROT, and PROT, are tightly associated with these PROT and serve to link them to the cytoskeleton.
Yes	Several lines of evidence show that the PROT fully renature after removal of the urea by dialysis: 1) dialyzed Acanthamoeba and human PROT rebind quantitatively to poly-L-proline and bind to PROT in the same way as native, conventionally purified PROT without urea treatment; 2) dialyzed PROT form 3-D crystals under the same conditions as native PROT; 3) dialyzed Acanthamoeba PROT-I has an NMR spectrum identical with that of native PROT-I; and 4) dialyzed human and Acanthamoeba PROT inhibit PROT polymerization.
No	Several proteins, such as PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, have previously been described.
Yes	Signaling pathways involved in dephosphorylation and localization of the PROT PROT in stimulated human neutrophils.
Yes	These findings suggest a role of PROT in stimulus-dependent PROT remodeling in motile neutrophils.
Yes	Significantly, those PROT mutants exhibiting the most severe phenotypes in all three processes have altered residues that cluster to a small region of the PROT crystal structure previously defined as the PROT (PROT)-binding site.
Yes	Silencing mediated by PROT-PROT requires the trans-acting factors that normally participate in repression, namely, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT PROT.
No	Since PROT is required for PROT-mediated adhesion, the PROT repeat region alone probably cannot promote cell adhesion, making it unlikely that PROT induces axis duplication by increasing cell adhesion.
Yes	Since both PROT and PROT have been found enriched in ruffling membranes of animal cells, our in vitro findings may be relevant to the regulation of PROT filaments in living cells.
Yes	Since PROT is a recombinational protein associated with PROT, this is the first genetic evidence that cancer arises from a defect in repair processes involving homologous recombination.
Yes	PROT, which consists of a full length PROT and a tagged tail, was isolated on the basis of the affinities for Nickel agarose and PROT.
No	PROT and myosin heavy chain expression in the vascular smooth muscle cells surrounding human endometrial arterioles.
Yes	PROT prepared from chicken gizzard binds to PROT in vitro.
Yes	Specific antibodies to PROT isoforms (PROT, PROT, PROT), PROT, and PROT and cDNAs for PROT were used.
Yes	Specific interaction between the PROT (PROT) and the PROT (PROT) of vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV), an important step in the life-cycle of the virus, was studied by using a two-hybrid system.
Yes	Specific interactions between the PROTROT (PROTROT) and the PROTROT (PROT) of bovine respiratory syncytial virus (BRSV) have been investigated using a yeast-based two-hybrid system.
No	Spontaneous and mitomycin C-induced SCE levels were significantly reduced for chicken DT40 B cells lacking the key HR genes PROT and PROT but not for nonhomologous DNA end-joining (NHEJ)-defective KU70(-/-) cells.
Yes	Stable transfection of mutant PROT molecules showed that deletion of the PROT binding domain, but not the PROT binding domain, abolished PROT downregulation.
No	Structural studies on the ribbon-to-helix transition in PROT: PROT crystals.
Yes	Studies on cultured cells have suggested that both PROT and PROT are important for the adhesive function of PROT.
Yes	Studies on the interaction between PROT and PROT purified by a new method.
Yes	Study of mutated yeast PROTs and PROTs from Acanthamoeba suggests that the ability of PROT to suppress PROT cells is dependent upon a property other than, or in addition to, its ability to bind PROT.
Yes	Such motifs are known to bind to PROT (PROT), small proteins engaged in the control of PROT dynamics.
Yes	Suppression of cell transformation by the PROT PROT requires binding to PROT.
No	Surprisingly, although maintained in mitogen-rich medium, this ectopic expression was associated with a transactivation of the endogenous PROT and PROT gene but not the endogenous PROT, PROT, PROT, the PROT, or the PROT genes.
No	Targeting by antisense 3'UTI significantly increased motility compared with the corresponding sense ODN.
No	PROT inhibition also led to the formation of less prominent focal adhesions as revealed by immunofluorescence staining against PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	PROT (PROT) is a PROT highly expressed in testicular germ cells and has the potential to phosphorylate PROT and induce PROT cytoskeletal reorganization.
No	The 16236 nt genome encodes eight proteins, PROTROT (PROTROT), PROTROT (PROT), PROTROT, PROTROT (PROTROT), PROTROT (PROT), small hydrophobic (PROT) protein, haemagglutinin-neuraminidase (PROTROT) protein and large (PROT) protein, which are flanked by a 55 nt leader sequence and a 54 nt trailer sequence.
Yes	The PROT PROT was isolated from Tetrahymena thermophila by affinity chromatography, and the peptide sequence was determined for part of the protein.
Yes	The PROT bundle formation induced by overexpression of PROT is accompanied with an increase in cell motility of Dictyostelium cells. 4.
Yes	The PROT cytoskeleton-associated protein PROT binds to PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	The PROT molecule links PROT/ PROT or PROT/PROT complexes to the PROT cytoskeleton.
Yes	The ability of these three mutant PROT proteins to form specific interactions with other members of the PROT complex, PROT and PROT, indicates that the functional domains required for replication activity of PROT are separable from domains responsible for protein-protein interactions.
Yes	The ability of PROT to replace PROT is dependent on its WH2 PROT binding domain and a putative PROT binding domain.
Yes	Thus, like PROT, PROT functions in yeast to link the polarity development pathway and the PROT cytoskeleton to generate cytoskeletal asymmetry.
Yes	The PROT binding domain of PROT is sufficient to contact to PROT in vitro.
Yes	The activation of the PROT-PROT protein leads to an accumulation of high levels of PROT protein and a repression of the PROT PROT under all culture conditions tested.
No	The adventitial tissue underlying PTCA-induced lesions temporarily expressed PROT, PROT, and PROT isoforms, but not PROT.
Yes	The affinity of yeast PROT for rabbit PROT (2.9 microM) is approximately 30-fold weaker than the affinity of human platelet PROT for rabbit PROT (0.1 microM), and the relative contributions of entropic and enthalpic terms to the overall free energy of binding are different for the two PROTs.
Yes	The interactions of yeast and human platelet PROT with rabbit PROT were characterized by titration microcalorimetry, fluorescence titrations, and nucleotide exchange kinetics.
Yes	The in vivo and in vitro properties of yeast PROT mutants with altered poly-L-proline and PROT binding sites are discussed in the context of the crystal structure.
Yes	The titration of pyrene-labeled rabbit PROT with human PROT yielded a Kd of 2.8 microM, similar to the Kd of 2.0 microM for the interaction between yeast PROT and pyrene-labeled yeast PROT.
No	Yeast PROT was shown to catalyze adenine nucleotide exchange from yeast PROT almost 2 orders of magnitude less efficiently than human PROT and rabbit PROT.
Yes	The aim of our study on human seminiferous tubules of adolescent testes was to study the localization of two PROT-associated proteins of the adherens junctions, such as PROT and PROT, and to verify if there were modifications in their pattern in varicocele, a frequent disease of the testis in adolescent age.
No	The amino acid composition of the 15-kDa protein was similar to that of mammalian PROT and it inhibited the salt-induced polymerization of rabbit PROT.
Yes	The amount of unassembled PROT (12 microM) is accounted for by the sequestering functions of PROT (20 microM) and PROT (5 microM), the barbed ends being capped.
No	The analysis of the viral proteins by electrophoresis indicates molecular weight differences between CDV and PROTDV in the fusion (PROTROT), phosphoprotein (PROT), H, nucleocapsid (PROT) and matrix (PROTROT) proteins.
Yes	The PROT binding site on PROT may be discontinuous since neither the carboxyl- nor amino-terminal halves of PROT will independently associate with PROT, although the amino-terminal half independently binds PROT.
Yes	The PROT protein and PROT form similar but independent complexes with PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	Thus, PROT forms distinct heteromeric complexes containing combinations of PROT, PROT, and PROT which are independent from the PROT-PROT complexes.
Yes	The PROT/3 complex, first isolated from Acanthamoeba castellani by affinity chromatography on PROT, consists of seven polypeptides; two PROT-related proteins, PROT and PROT; and five apparently novel proteins, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT (Machesky et al., 1994).
Yes	The PROT/3 complex with full-length PROT, PROT containing P, W, and A domains, or PROT containing W and A domains overcomes inhibition of nucleation by the PROT monomer-binding protein PROT, giving active nucleation over a low background of spontaneous nucleation.
Yes	The assay detects the high-affinity binding of PROT to PROT-binding proteins (PROT), PROT or PROT.
No	The assembly of complete HSV replication compartments and incorporation of BrdU were both abolished by treatment with phosphonoacetic acid (PAA) and by omission of any one of the seven viral replication proteins, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, that are essential for viral DNA replication.
Yes	The PROT component of the herpes simplex virus PROT complex stimulates primer synthesis by a subassembly of the PROT and PROT components.
Yes	The herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV) PROT, PROT, and PROT proteins form a helicase-primase complex in infected cells.
Yes	The PROT-binding region is distinct from major anti-PROT mAb epitopes on the human PROT(PROT) molecule.
Yes	The binding constants of Acanthamoeba PROT to fluorescein-labeled PROT from Acanthamoeba and from rabbit skeletal muscle have been determined by measuring the reduction in the PROT tracer diffusion coefficients, determined by fluorescence photobleaching recovery, as a function of added PROT concentration.
Yes	These dissociation constants are the first to be determined from direct physical measurement; they are in agreement with values inferred from earlier studies on the effect of PROT on the assembly of PROT that had been fluorescently labeled or otherwise modified at Cys 374.
No	These results place important restrictions on the interpretation of experiments in which fluorescently labeled PROT is used as a probe of living cytoplasm or cytoplasmic extracts that include PROT.
Yes	The binding surfaces for segment 1 and PROT are different, although they peripherally overlap on PROT.
Yes	This review describes three structures of PROT complexed with different monomer-binding proteins, namely with PROT, PROT segment 1, and PROT.
Yes	The PROT (PROT) contains the PROT- and ATP-binding sites and represents the molecular motor of muscle contraction.
Yes	The PROT (PROT) of vesicular stomatitis virus (VSV) serotypes PROTew Jersey [PROTROT] and Indiana [PROTROT] contains a highly conserved carboxy-terminal domain which is required for binding to the cognate PROT-RPROTA template as well as to form a soluble complex with the PROT PROT in vivo.
No	The PROT and PROT genes are involved in genetic recombination and double-strand break repair in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Yes	The PROT-like central (vc) region of PROT induces PROT/3 complex-dependent PROT nucleation.
Yes	The C374S mutation had the most pronounced effect; it reduced the polymerizability of the PROT, abolished its binding to PROT, and filaments containing this mutation moved at reduced rates in the in vitro 'motility assay'.
Yes	The PROT-associated proteins, PROT and PROT, were present in both mesotheliomas and adenocarcinomas.
Yes	The cardiac PROT Arg-403-->Gln mutation that causes hypertrophic cardiomyopathy does not affect the PROT- or ATP-binding capacities of two size-limited recombinant PROT fragments.
No	The cellular morphological changes were analyzed and correlated with the distribution of cell-substratum contacts viewed by confocal images obtained after immunostaining with antibodies raised against the PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT.
Yes	The cellular transcription co-activators PROT and the PROT PROT are cellular targets for transformation by the PROT proteins of non-oncogenic adenovirus 5 (Ad5).
Yes	The characteristics of the PROT and PROT interactions with PROT are similar.
Yes	The clone contains an open reading frame of 139 amino acid residues which shows greater than 40% sequence identity in a 91 amino acid overlap to animal PROT (PROT), PROT and PROT.
Yes	The common denominator is impaired PROT association with either PROT (PaTuII) or PROT (BxPc3 and T3M4).
Yes	The comparison of PROT proteins synthesized by E62 and E24 cell lines revealed no structural or functional differences because both localized at cell-cell contacts and associated with PROT, PROT, and PROT.
No	The concentration of PROT was constant during the follicular phase, whereas the content of PROT decreased in granulosa cells after treatment with diethylstilboestrol or hCG.
No	alpha- and PROT were present in most ovarian cells at all stages of folliculogenesis.
No	The contents of PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT in 125-week-old rats decreased compared with those of 12-week-old rats.
Yes	The core PROT from Physarum, PROT PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, are rapidly acetylated; PROT PROT shows five subfractions, analogous to the five subfractions of mammalian PROT PROT (containing zero to four acetyllysine residues per molecule); PROT PROT has a more complex pattern that we interpret as zero to four acetyllysine residues on each of two sequence variants of PROT PROT; PROT PROT and PROT show less heterogeneity.
No	The core, isolated in the absence of free Ca2+, contains five major proteins: the PROT (Mr 43 000) that makes up the filaments, the PROT (Mr 95 000) and PROT (Mr 68 000) that cross-link the filaments together, and the 110 000 Mr polypeptide-PROT complex that makes up cross-filaments which project laterally from the core and link it to the inner surface of the microvillus membrane.
Yes	The C-terminal of PROT comprises the "death domain" that is responsible for association of PROT and other death domain-containing proteins such as PROT and PROT.
Yes	The C-terminal region of PROT was, however, necessary to bring PROT and PROT into the core complex.
Yes	The cytoplasmic domain of PROT cannot directly associate with PROT but interacts with high affinity with PROT, whereas the binding of PROT (PROT) to PROT is less efficient.
Yes	alpha- and PROT assemble into a 1:1 heterodimeric complex.
Yes	The deduced peptide sequence contained a nuclear localization signal and a putative PROT-binding sequence as reported in PROT.
Yes	The domain consists of a mixed alpha-helical/beta-sheet fold that resembles a circular permutation of the PROT/poly-proline binding protein, PROT, and the PROT family of regulatory modules.
Yes	The domains in PROT that are involved in PROT binding and transcriptional activation are highly related to the adenoviral PROT-associated cellular protein PROT (refs 2, 3), and to two hypothetical proteins from Caenorhabditis elegans, PROT and PROT (refs 4 and 5, respectively), whose functions are unknown.
Yes	The drastic effects of the exogenous PROT on PROT assembly were suppressed by phosphatidylinositol 4,5-bisphosphate (PIP2).
Yes	The previous investigation (Abe et al. (1989) J. Biochem. 106, 696-702) suggested that PROT is deeply involved in the regulation of PROT assembly in developing skeletal muscle.
Yes	The PROT-associated proteins PROT and PROT were not significantly affected by treatment with PROT.
Yes	The effects of two adhesion substrates (serum and PROT) and time in culture on the expression of genes encoding PROT (PROT) isoforms and PROT were analysed in myocytes isolated from adult rat heart and maintained in serum-free culture.
No	The enzyme showed hardly any activity below 50 degrees C but considerable activity at around 60 degrees C against myofibrils, digesting PROT, PROT and PROT.
Yes	The existence of this pathway helps to explain some of the effects of PROT and PROT in the control of PROT dynamics.
No	The expression of PROT, PROT and PROT also was decreased in HT29 cells, with a translocation of PROT into the nucleus.
Yes	The findings suggest that PROT PROT are involved in PROT-mediated enhancement of PROT production in Jurkat cells and that the transcription factor PROT and pathways via PROT (PROT)/PROT and PROT, but not via PROT PROT, may be involved in the PROT-mediated enhancement of PROT production.
No	The gene PROT therefore could be implicated in cytoskeletal reorganization in response to environmental stresses and could act in the budding site selection mechanism.
No	The gene for the human PROT, the transcriptional coactivator PROT, is included in the RT1 cosmid, and mutations in PROT have recently been identified in nondeleted RTS patients.
No	The genes considered are those for 5S, 5.8S and PROT, PROT, PROT/b and II, PROT, IC and II, and PROT.
Yes	The head domain of PROT thus binds to PROT to form a link to the PROT cytoskeleton and can thus regulate PROT function.
Yes	The herpes simplex virus PROT complex, a heterotrimer of the PROT, PROT, and PROT2 proteins, displays a single predominant site of primer synthesis on phi X174 virion DNA (Tenney, D. J., Hurlburt, W. W., Micheletti, P. M., Bifano, M., and Hamatake, R. K. (1994) J. Biol. Chem. 269, 5030-5035).
Yes	The herpes simplex virus type 1 PROT protein influences the intracellular localization of the PROT but not the PROT or PROT replication proteins in virus-infected cells.
Yes	The herpes simplex virus type-1 PROT is a heterotrimer encoded by the PROT, PROT, and PROT genes.
Yes	The Herpes simplex virus type 1 PROT consists of three subunits that are the products of the PROT, PROT, and PROT2 genes.
Yes	The herpes simplex virus type-1 PROT, PROT, and PROT2 genes encode an essential heterotrimeric PROT that is responsible for concomitant DNA unwinding and primer synthesis at the viral DNA replication fork.
Yes	The higher affinity of vaccinia PROT for polyphosphoinositides (Kd = 0.2-8.5 microM) than for PROT or poly(L-proline) and the concentration of vaccinia PROT expressed in infected HeLa cells (approximately 20 microM) suggest that vaccinia PROT binds preferentially to PIP and PIP2 in vivo.
Yes	We expressed in Escherichia coli the vaccinia virus gene for a protein similar to vertebrate PROTs, purified the recombinant viral PROT, and characterized its interactions with PROT and polyphosphoinositides.
No	The high recombination levels seen in PROT and PROT mutants is dependent on the PROT, PROT1, PROT2, and PROT genes.
Yes	The hyperproliferative response observed in the gastric mucosa is secondary to this initial insult and is associated with increased expression of PROT, the PROT PROT and of PROT and decreased expression of the PROT PROT.
Yes	The I/LWEQ module is a conserved sequence that we have identified as an PROT-binding motif in the metazoan focal adhesion protein PROT and the yeast protein PROT.
Yes	The influence of these PROT on cell morphology and the distribution pattern of PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT was analyzed by light microscopy, conventional electron microscopy, immunofluorescence, and immunogold labeling after lysis-squirting.
Yes	The inhibitory effects of rapamycin on bombesin-stimulated cell cycle progression did not involve accumulation of the PROT PROT(PROT) but a striking inhibition of the expression of PROT.
Yes	The interaction between the human respiratory syncytial virus phosphoprotein (PROT) and nucleocapsid (PROTROT) protein has been investigated using the two hybrid system in yeast and in tissue culture cells.
Yes	The interaction of a mouse monoclonal antibody (PROT) and birch PROT, a structurally well conserved PROT- and phosphoinositide-binding protein and cross-reactive allergen, was characterized.
Yes	The interaction of bovine respiratory syncytial virus (BRSV) PROTROT (PROT) with nucleocapsid (PROTROT) and large polymerase (PROT) proteins was investigated using an intracellular BRSV-PROT minigenome replication system.
Yes	The interactions of PROT with PROT, PROT and PROT are compared.
Yes	The intracellular molecules PROT and PROT actively regulate PROT-based motility and participate in the signaling pathways used to steer growth cones.
Yes	The involvement of the death adaptor proteins PROT/PROT, PROT, and PROT and the apoptosis-initiating PROT and -10 in death signaling by the two death-inducing PROT and 2 (PROT and PROT) are controversial.
Yes	Their abilities to store lipids and express PROT intermediate filaments, PROT, and PROT in contractile filaments in vitro illustrate similarities among the pulmonary LF, the hepatic lipocyte, and the contractile interstitial cell, which contribute to the repair reaction in the lung after pulmonary injury.
Yes	The isolated intestinal microvillus cytoskeleton (core) consists of four major proteins: PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT.
Yes	The junctional multidomain protein PROT is a binding partner of the PROT PROT and associates with the PROT cytoskeletal regulator PROT.
Yes	To our knowledge, PROT is the only integral component in cell-cell junctions discovered thus far that interacts with PROT and thus could modulate PROT modeling proximal to adhesion complexes.
No	The long repeats, which are interdigitated between the PRRs, increased the frequency with which PROT-based motility occurred by a mechanism independent of the PRRs, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	The tandem repeat domain in the Listeria monocytogenes PROT protein controls the rate of PROT-based motility, the percentage of moving bacteria, and the localization of PROT and PROT.
Yes	The main inhibitory action of PROT, a PROT (PROT), arises from its binding with the PROT/PROT (PROT) complex that results in G(1)-S arrest.
No	The majority of cortical thymomas showed diffuse and homogenous membrane immunoreactivity for these molecules (88 per cent for PROT; 86 per cent for PROT; 91 per cent for PROT) and the remaining cases showed heterogeneous immunoreactivity, whereas almost all mixed and medullary thymomas revealed decreased expression or were negative.
Yes	The majority of the aromatic residues in PROT are exposed to solvent and lie in either of two hydrophobic patches, neither of which takes part in an interface with PROT.
Yes	The map locates the N-terminal calcium-binding domain and identifies PROT-binding site residues on the two PROT-homology domains of PROT.
Yes	The mechanism of PROT-promoted PROT polymerization has been systematically reinvestigated.
Yes	When measured in the absence of PROT, PROT assembly curves over a 0.7-4 microM PROT concentration range fit a simple monomer sequestering model (1 microM K(D) for PROT.PROT).
No	With solutions of PROT (2 microM) and PROT (2 or 4 microM), the barbed-end assembly rate rose with increasing PROT concentration (0.7-2 microM).
Yes	The microvillus cytoskeleton, isolated from chicken intestinal epithelial cell brush borders, is known to contain five major protein components, the 110,000-dalton polypeptide, PROT (95,000 daltons), PROT (68,000 daltons), PROT (43,000 daltons), and PROT (17,000 daltons).
Yes	The monomeric PROT, PROT, is a key regulator of PROT-filament dynamics in animal cells and it has recently been identified in plants as a pollen allergen.
No	The most significant finding was the re-expression of PROT, PROT, and PROT, and increased down-regulation of PROT, in metastatic lesions.
Yes	The most striking difference was in the relative preference for acetylation of PROT PROT versus acetylation of PROT PROT: with the purified PROT, PROT PROT in nucleosomes was acetylated to a much greater extent than was PROT PROT, whereas the reverse preference was found with the endogenous PROT(s).
Yes	The multifunctional protein PROT is one of the most abundant proteins in the cytoplasm and is thought to regulate PROT assembly and the phosphoinositide signaling pathway.
No	The muscle-related genes included PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT protein, and PROT, suggesting that vertebrate skeletal and smooth muscle-type genes are simultaneously expressed in the amphioxus notochord.
Yes	The mutants ranged in affinity, from those that only weakly affected polymerization of PROT to one that bound PROT more strongly than wild-type PROT.
Yes	The role of PROT in PROT polymerization and nucleotide exchange.
No	With PROT, whose sequestering activity was low, the concentration of free PROT monomers observed at steady-state of polymerization [Afree], was close to that seen with PROT alone ([Acc], critical concentration of polymerization).
No	The neoplastic cells were positive for PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT, but negative for PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT protein.
Yes	The N-terminal PROT polypeptide eventually disrupted PROT stress fibres whereas the C-terminal polypeptide was without effect.
Yes	The Pro1176 to Thr substitution found in PROT from Wistar-Furth rats does not destroy the capacity of this region of the protein to bind PROT or PROT.
No	The nucleotide sequences of nucleocapsid (PROT), phosphoprotein (PROTROT), matrix (PROTROT), fusion (PROTROTROT), and PROT (PROTROT) genes were partly determined for 19 wild strains of measles virus (PROTROTV) isolated over the past 10 years in Japan (nucleotide position PROT: 1301-1700, PROTROT: 1751-2190, PROTROT: 3571-4057, PROTROTROT: 6621-7210, PROTROT: 10381-11133) and also for a PROTROTV strain obtained from a patient with subacute sclerosing panencephalitis (SSPROTROTE) who had natural measles in 1980.
No	The observed in vivo expression patterns of PROT, PROT, and PROT suggest that these proteins are directly linked with the developmental regulation of cell junctions, as cardiac cells become stably committed and phenotypically differentiated to eventually form a mature myocardium.
No	This study details the expression patterns of PROT, PROT, and PROT, during definition of the cardiac cell population as distinct compartments in the anterior regions of the chick embryo between stages 5 and 9.
Yes	The ordered assembly of the PROT homologue together with PROT and a series of other proteins is considered to play a key role in chemotactic orientation.
Yes	The PROT gene encodes a PROT substrate that associates with the cell-cell adhesion protein complex containing PROT and its cytoplasmic cofactors PROT, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	PROT binds to and inhibits complexes formed by PROT-PROT, PROT-PROT, and PROT-PROT.
Yes	The phosphoprotein was identified as PROT, an PROT, and the activation-induced changes in its intracellular distribution have been described elsewhere (Suzuki et al., 1995, J Biol Chem 270:19551-19556).
Yes	The PROT gene product mediates PROT-dependent and PROT-dependent activation of the transcription factor PROT.
Yes	The polypeptide folds and the PROT-binding surfaces of the amoeba PROT are very similar to those of bovine and human PROT.
Yes	The proximity of these sites to the PROT binding site provides an explanation for the competition between PROT and lipids for binding PROT.
Yes	X-ray structures of isoforms of the PROT PROT that differ in their affinity for phosphatidylinositol phosphates.
Yes	The position of the PROT-binding site at the C terminal suggests that PROT may work as a crosslinker between PROT and PROT.
No	The posttranslational metabolism of PROT (PROT) and PROT was regulated in parallel with the total contractile protein pool.
Yes	The potentiating effect of PROT appears to involve increases in the expression of PROT and decreases in the expression of the PROT PROT(PROT).
Yes	The predicted sequence of PROT shares ca. 40% identity with nonplant PROT and contains two tandem repeats, each possessing a 27 amino acid region identified as a putative PROT-binding domain in PROT and in a larger family of PROT cross-linking proteins.
No	The presence, in varying quantities, of PROT and PROT isoforms of smooth muscle type in the different vessels reflected their degree of differentiation.
No	The present study was designed to determine if cholesterol feeding results in alterations in the isoforms of PROT and/or PROT in gallbladder smooth muscle.
No	The primary purpose of this study was to determine the relationship between PROT (PROT) and PROT contents and maximum isometric tetanic force (Po) in mouse extensor digitorum longus (EDL) muscles following eccentric contraction-induced injury.
No	The procedure allows for the simultaneous quantification of PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT from as little as 50 mg of tissue.
No	The product of PROT has been shown to be essential for capsid assembly, but no role has previously been assigned to the product of PROT.
No	The products of the yeast mismatch repair genes PROT and PROT participate in the inhibition of genetic recombination between homeologous (divergent) DNA sequences.
No	These results suggest that PROT and PROT can function differentially to control homeologous exchanges.
No	The prominent 125 A transverse stripping pattern characteristic of the PROT cross-bridges in a bundle is also absent in hair borders suggesting PROT as the component that gives rise to the transverse stripes.
Yes	The proposed PROTROTPROTROTYV genomic map is 3'-PROTROT-PROTROT-PROTROT-PROTROT-PROTROT-PROTROT-5', where PROTROT is the PROT gene; PROTROT and PROTROT are two genes, one of which codes for the proposed PROT PROT and the other for a putative protein of unknown function; PROTROT is the proposed PROT gene; PROTROT is the proposed PROT gene; and PROTROT is the proposed PROT gene.
Yes	The protein PROT binds to both PROT and the head groups of poly)phosphoinositide)s and may regulate both PROT assembly and the phosphoinositide signaling pathway.
Yes	The protein has the two conserved domains identified as PROT and phosphatidylinositol 4,5-biphosphate (PIP2) binding sites found in members of the PROT family.
Yes	The proteins encoded by PROT and PROT, which display 35%, sequence identity are both located in the mitochondrial intermembrane space.
No	The proximity of the semi-conserved PROT-binding site and the binding pocket characteristic of plant PROT suggests that epitopes encompassing both features are responsible for the cross-reactivity of antibodies between human and plant PROT thought to be responsible for type I allergies.
No	The qualitative changes involve differential expression of multigene families of contractile proteins, especially PROT (PROT) and PROT.
No	The radioresistant N10 and parental KB cell lines were examined for the expression of human DNA repair genes which were related to the repair of radiation-induced DNA damage by northern blot analysis using five kinds of DNA probes (PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT).
No	The ratios PROT mRNA:PROT and PROT mRNA:PROT were unaffected by clenbuterol.
Yes	There are only 14 non-conservative substitutions in the two PROT, three of which are located in the secondary PROT-binding loop and flanking regions and others correspond to residues so far not assigned a functional role, including two residues in the proximal S2 domain.
Yes	There are three PROT PROT genes, two of which are identical; four PROT PROT genes, two of which are identical, one PROT PROT gene; and two PROT PROT genes.
Yes	These PROT PROT and PROT genes encode approximately 40% of the total PROT and PROT mRNA, whereas the PROT PROT and PROT PROT genes encode < 10% of the total PROT and PROT mRNA.
Yes	The recombinant material is similar to authentic PROT from Acanthamoeba-based on fluorescence monitored urea denaturation, circular dichroism, PROT-nucleotide exchange rate and the Kd for rabbit PROT.
Yes	The recombinant material is similar to authentic human PROT based on the measured Kd for rabbit PROT.
Yes	The relatively conservative sequence of PROT from yeast, Physarum, Acanthamoeba, echinoid eggs and mammalian cells was found in the N-terminal region, which was suggested to be a common PROT-binding region.
Yes	The resulting PROT product is unable to bind PROT that is responsible for PROT filament binding and organization.
Yes	The results clearly showed that the mutated PROT possessing KTLKK instead of KKRKK did not translocate into the nuclei in response to heat shock whereas a recombinant PROT with the unaltered sequence of KKRKK responded to heat shock and formed intranuclear rods together with PROT.
No	The results indicate increased fractional synthesis and degradation of PROT and light chains, but not PROT, in the left compared to the right ventricular free wall.
No	To test for regional differences in the rates of synthesis and degradation of contractile proteins during normal physiological growth of the heart in vivo, fractional rates of protein accumulation and synthesis were assessed for total protein, PROT, PROT, phosphorylatable PROT, and PROT in the right and left ventricular free walls of growing, New Zealand White rabbits.
Yes	The results indicate that (a) PROT and PROT differ in their nuclear translocation and complexing with PROT and PROT; (b) PROT-dependent transactivation is preferentially driven by PROT; and (c) the cytoplasmic partners of PROT, PROT and PROT, can sequester it to the cytoplasm and inhibit its transcriptional activity.
No	The Saccharomyces cerevisiae PROT and PROT genes are both required for the occurrence of homologous recombination and for the repair of double-stranded DNA breaks.
Yes	The Saccharomyces cerevisiae PROT gene belongs to the PROT, PROT and PROT epistasis group which, together with PROT, is proposed to act at the beginning of the DNA damage checkpoint pathway.
No	The same steady state concentrations of polymerized and nonpolymerized PROT are reached whether PROT is added before initiation of polymerization or after polymerization is complete.
Yes	The Schizosaccharomyces pombe PROT, PROT and PROT genes are homologous to PROT, PROT and PROT respectively, which are indispensable in the recombinational repair of double-strand breaks (DSBs) in Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
No	These cells have both PROT and PROT, display unusual expression of PROT, and have the typical fibroblastic phenotype of transformed cells.
Yes	These data strongly suggest that the head, neck, and tail domains of all PROT, and light chains at least of PROT, have coevolved and are likely to be functionally interdependent, consistent with biochemical evidence showing that regulated PROT-dependent PROT activity of Dictyostelium PROT requires isoform specific interactions between the heavy chain head and tail and light chains.
Yes	These data suggest that nuclear PROT can mediate a stimulus-response action on the PROT cytoskeleton which is somehow linked to a phosphoinositide-signaling cascade.
No	These differences in contractile protein profiles between single and cultured cells were collaborated with the observation of cells using immunofluorescence microscope with responsible antibodies to isoforms of PROT, PROT and PROT.
No	These findings reveal striking differences between S. cerevisiae and vertebrates in the functions of PROT and PROT.
Yes	These findings suggest that this novel PROT is involved in the PROT signalling pathway, probably downstream of PROT activation, and mediates the stimulation of PROT, which leads to PROT-related cytoskeletal changes through the hydrolysis of PIP2, which binds to PROT binding proteins such as PROT and PROT.
No	These genes were designated PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT2 and were predicted to encode proteins with molecular weights of, respectively, 99,000, 80,000, 94,000, 51,000, and 114,000.
No	These increases were specific; DNA, total protein, PROT, PROT, and PROT levels were unchanged in the overexpressing cells.
Yes	These observations demonstrate that cardiac development in man, in contrast to rodent heart, is characterized by an up-regulation of the PROT gene, the expression of which does not change in hypertrophied and failing hearts, and suggest that the PROT and PROT families are independently regulated in human heart.
Yes	These phenotypes are similar to those of the mutant of PROT, which encodes PROT, an PROT.
No	These proteins also compose the essential heterotrimeric splicing factor PROT, and products of yeast pre-mRNA processing genes PROT, PROT, and PROT are their likely yeast counterparts.
Yes	These proteins each have a PROT-homology (V) domain, PROT-homology (C) domain and an acidic (A) region at the C-terminus, through which they activate the PROT/3 complex, leading to rapid PROT polymerization.
Yes	The sequence of the inhibitory region is similar to that of a beta-hairpin region of the PROT PROT.
Yes	The sequences of the predicted PROT, PROT, and PROT proteins are related to the PROT PROT, PROT/PROT, and PROT, respectively.
Yes	These regions also interact with the physiologically relevant ligands of PROT, PROT and proline-rich peptides.
Yes	These results indicate that (i) cotranslational assembly of PROT is developmentally regulated, (ii) structures containing PROT and not microtubules may mediate initial association of the heavy chains with the cytoskeleton, and (iii) the site of translation dictates where a significant fraction of the heavy chains will be inserted into the cytoskeleton.
Yes	These results indicate that phosphorylation of PROT by PROT and consequently increased phosphorylation of PROT by PROT contribute to PROT-induced reorganization of the PROT cytoskeleton.
Yes	These results show that PROT/PROT is an important regulator of PROT-based cell motility during Drosophila development.
Yes	These results suggest that activation of PROT precedes the activation of PI and PROT and that under certain circumstances activation of the kinases and the increased synthesis of PIP and PIP2 may be involved in the polymerization of PROT in RBL cells, possibly through the interaction of the polyphosphoinositides with PROT such as PROT and PROT.
Yes	These results suggest that PROT may be involved in the pathogenesis of glomerulonephritis by reorganizing PROT cytoskeleton.
Yes	These results suggest that PROT functions downstream of the PROT-PROT signalling pathway and plays a role in reorganization of PROT filaments and membrane structures, by phosphorylating PROT proteins.
Yes	We report here that PROT and PROT phosphorylate both PROT and PROT (PROT) specifically at Ser-3 and exhibit partially distinct substrate specificity when tested using site-directed PROT mutants as substrates.
Yes	These results suggest that the heptapeptide sequence is specific for the interaction with PROT and, therefore, may constitute part of the PROT-binding domain of PROT.
Yes	These results suggest that PROT can cause apoptosis in pancreatic beta cells through PROTR1-linked apoptotic factors, PROT, PROT, and PROT, and PROT-induced ceramide production may be involved in the pathways.
Yes	The PROT PROT and PROT associate with and activate the PROT PROT in human T lymphocytes.
Yes	These separately encoded a complete HPROTIV3 genome (negative-sense), the HPROTIV3 PROTROT PROTROT, the PROTROT PROT, and the PROTROT PROTROT.
Yes	These two proteins were identified as the phosphorylated and non-phosphorylated forms of the pH-sensitive PROT-depolymerizing protein, PROT, by sequencing of peptide fragments and immunoblotting with a monoclonal antibody specific for PROT.
No	These were identified as PROT, PROT, PROT, heat shock protein (PROT)-60, an unidentified protein and PROT, respectively.
Yes	The sites on the PROT heavy chain that interact with PROT and are responsible for force generation are ill-defined: crosslinking and experiments with isolated domains of the PROT head implicate regions in both the 50K and 20K (molecular weights in thousands) domains of the PROT head (subfragment 1, S1) in this process.
No	The sizes and characteristics of each of the proteins determined from various radiolabelling experiments allowed preliminary identification of the proteins as the large (PROTROT; 190 kDa), haemagglutinin neuraminidase (PROTROT; 74 kDa), nucleocapsid (PROT; 66 kDa), fusion (PROTROT; 63 kDa), phosphoprotein (PROT; 49 kDa), matrix (PROT; 43 kDa) and non-structural (PROT; 35 kDa) proteins.
Yes	The PROT homology domain 3 (SH3) of a yeast PROT, PROT, binds to PROT and is required for targeting to sites of PROT polarization.
Yes	The structural homology between PROT and PROT segment-1 binding to PROT was confirmed experimentally by two types of competitive binding assays.
Yes	The structure of an PROT-crosslinking domain from human PROT.
Yes	The structure of PROT differed entirely from that of PROT and resembled the overall fold of the PROT regulatory protein, PROT.
Yes	The Tetrahymena PROT has two PROT-binding domains, but lacks the EF-hand Ca(2+)-binding motif, suggesting that Tetrahymena PROT probably cross-links PROT filaments in a Ca(2+)- insensitive manner during cytokinesis.
Yes	The PROT (PROT) and the PROT receptor recruit complexes formed by the interactions between PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT - adaptor proteins that contain death domains - which in turn recruit other proteins to initiate signaling [1][2][3][4][5].
Yes	The two cardiac myosin heavy chain isoforms, alpha and beta, differ functionally, PROT exhibits higher PROT-activated PROT than does PROT, and hearts expressing PROT exhibit increased contractility relative to hearts expressing PROT.
Yes	The two proteins were found to differ in their interaction with PROT, like PROT and PROT isolated from porcine brain.
No	The undifferentiated cells (a) were unable to spread on PROT or PROT and grew as rounded colonies, although they were able to spread on PROT (b) showed reduced adhesion to PROT, but not PROT (c) expressed much reduced levels of PROT, although levels of alpha5 and alphaV were wild-type (d) were less polarized with increased membrane protrusions compared with a PROT (-/-) ES cell mutant (e) were unable to assemble PROT or PROT-containing focal adhesions or PROT stress fibers on PROT, whereas PROT (-/-) ES cells were able to assemble PROT-containing focal adhesions.
Yes	The vaccinia virus PROT gene product, PROT, is a dsRNA binding protein that prevents activation of the PROT-induced, dsRNA-activated PROT, PROT.
Yes	The yeast two-hybrid system was used to identify domains involved in specific in vivo interactions between the Rinderpest virus (RPROTV) PROTROT (PROT) and PROTROT (PROT).
No	They exhibited strong synergistic increases in PROT duplication mutations, intrachromosomal and interchromosomal recombination, and required the wild-type double-strand break repair genes PROT, PROT, and PROT for viability.
Yes	They had altered adhesive properties as measured by their ability to bind to a PROT-coated glass surface, suggesting that the expression of a PROT alters the assembly of PROT receptors, PROT and cytoskeletal proteins such as PROT and PROT.
Yes	This activity is independent of PROT-DN's ability to bind to three known interacting proteins, PROT, PROT or PROT suggesting that it is distinct from PROT's functions at activated PROT.
Yes	This approach is based on the assumption that an PROT mutation that specifically impairs the interaction with an PROT will cause a phenotype similar to a null mutation in the gene that encodes the PROT.
Yes	21 PROT mutations were analyzed in budding yeast, and specific regions of PROT subdomain 1 were implicated in the interaction with PROT, an PROT filament-bundling protein.
No	This arrest can be suppressed by mutations in PROT, PROT, and PROT, suggesting that the cell cycle defect in PROT PROT mutants results from inappropriate homologous recombination.
Yes	This PROT-PROT complex plays an indispensable role in construction of ordered multicellular structures such as polarized epithelium.
Yes	PROT and PROT possibly play more regulatory roles, as it was shown that their tyrosine phosphorylation correlated with modified PROT activities.
Yes	This filament growth is driven by a large storage pool of PROT bound to the sequestering protein, PROT.
Yes	This is consistent with PROT activation being required for PROT reorganization during exocytosis.
Yes	This is the first report describing the coexistence of PROT with PROT filaments in the division furrow, implying the possible involvement of PROT in assembly and disassembly of contractile ring microfilaments in the process of cytokinesis.
Yes	This novel mutation was predicted to disrupt the binding of PROT to PROT and may be related to the diffuse type morphology.
Yes	This paper describes the structural and biochemical characterization of PROT, a protein localized to various cellular sites where bundles of PROT filaments attach to the plasma membrane.
Yes	This process involves other PROT, such as PROT and PROT.
Yes	This result was supported by a high protein expression of the PROT PROT in 44% of the tumours with high PROT and low D1 expression, and all immunohistochemical PROT defect tumours showed a high PROT protein level.
Yes	This shows that structural changes in the poly(L-proline)-binding region of PROT can affect the distantly located PROT-binding site.
Yes	This technique was employed to quantify changes caused by the lack of PROT, a protein that couples the PROT network to the plasma membrane, or by the lack of PROT I or II, two isoforms of the PROT-bundling protein PROT.
No	Those observations were extended to include a spatiotemporal immunohistochemical analyses of PROT and PROT, as well as a more detailed study of PROT, during segmentation, compaction, and compartmentalization of the somite.
Yes	Three PROT-associated proteins, PROT, PROT, and PROT, influence gelation, solation, and polymerization, respectively, of PROT in vitro.
Yes	Three components of Drosophila adherens junctions, analogous to those in vertebrates, have been identified: PROT (homolog of PROT), Drosophila PROT (DPROT), and PROT.
Yes	Thus, PROT was found in association with PROT in the mechanoreceptive region of hair cells, whereas supporting cells, although rich in PROT, did not reveal PROT.
No	Thus, PROT, PROT, and PROT have similar prognostic values.
Yes	Thus, PROT and PROT expression are not co-regulated in all cells.
Yes	Thus, it is likely that the both PROT isoforms are involved in the regulation of PROT assembly during myofibrillogenesis.
Yes	Thus, PROT contains an NH(2)-terminal domain homologous to that implicated in PROT's endocytic function, three predicted coiled-coils, a leucine zipper, and a PROT-like PROT-binding domain at the COOH terminus.
Yes	Thus, poly-L-proline binding, PROT binding, and PROT nucleotide exchange are each independent requirements for PROT function in fission yeast.
Yes	Thus, the PROT-binding dodecapeptide sequence of PROT may constitute a multifunctional domain in PROT.
Yes	We have previously shown that the synthetic dodecapeptide corresponding to Trp104-Met115 of PROT is a potent inhibitor of PROT polymerization (Yonezawa, N., Nishida, E., Iida, K., Kumagai, H., Yahara, I., and Sakai, H. (1991) J. Biol. Chem. 266, 10485-10489).
No	PROT also inhibited muscle differentiation as measured by several parameters, including cell fusion and the expression of other muscle-specific genes, such as PROT and PROT.
No	To approach the problem, we have constructed a carp genomic library and isolated 28 nonoverlapping clones containing sequences of different PROT (PROT) isoforms along with a clone containing carp PROT sequences.
No	To characterize the AAV functions mediating this effect, cloned AAV type 2 wild-type or mutant genomes were transfected into simian virus 40 (SV40)-transformed hamster cells together with the six HSV replication genes (encoding PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT2) which together are necessary and sufficient for the induction of SV40 DNA amplification (R. Heilbronn and H. zur Hausen, J. Virol. 63:3683-3692, 1989).
No	To characterize the phenotypic alteration in mesangial cells in human glomerulonephritis, we investigated the expression of PROT, PROT, and PROT (PROT) in PROT nephropathy.
No	To check its applicability, well characterized, commercially available antibodies (against PROT, PROT, and PROT) were used on sections of human small intestine.
No	To clarify the relation between alteration of expression of PROT and progression of extrahepatic bile duct carcinomas 55 cases were immunohistochemically examined for PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, with additional reverse transcription-PROT chain reaction and Southern blotting hybridization (RT-PCR/SBH) assays.
Yes	To determine the phenotypes of smooth muscle cells (SMCs) in such lesions, the authors conducted an immunohistochemical analysis of lung tissues from two patients with PPH, using two antiPROT antibodies, PROT and PROT, and two anti-PROT markers, anti-PROT and anti-PROT antibodies and related antibodies.
Yes	To determine the relationship between cell cycle regulation and differentiation, the spatiotemporal expression of PROT, PROT, PROT, the PROT (PROT) PROT and PROT, and markers of differentiating podocytes in developing human kidneys was investigated by immunohistochemistry.
No	To determine the relative importance of protein degradation in the development of starvation-induced cardiac atrophy, in vivo fractional synthetic rates of total cardiac protein, PROT, PROT, light chain 1, and light chain 2 were measured in fed and fasted rabbits by continuous infusion of [3H] leucine.
No	To determine whether alpha 1-adrenergic stimulation produced similar effects on the turnover of myofibrillar proteins, rates of synthesis and degradation were estimated for a myofibrillar-enriched protein fraction and for PROT and PROT.
Yes	Together these results indicate that PROT regulates PROT gene expression through an PROT site and its cognate transcription factor PROT, and requires the involvement of PROT.
No	To improve our ability to study these proteins, we have expressed PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT2 in insect cells by using the baculovirus expression system.
No	Various immunological assays suggest that four of these proteins (PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT) are made in infected cells in very low abundance relative to the other three.
No	Total PROT and PROT mRNAs, and polyadenylated RNA, were determined using slot-blot assays.
No	Total protein, PROT (PROT), and PROT appeared unchanged with SVT cardiomyopathy at the LV or myocyte level.
Yes	Transcriptional expression of PROT(PROT), as well as that of PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT was similar in these cell lines, indicating that the susceptibility to PROT-induced apoptosis may not be determined by the constitutive expression level of these factors.
Yes	Transcriptional regulation in the galactose regulon of yeast is determined by an interplay between a positive regulatory protein, PROT, and a negative regulatory protein, PROT.
No	Transfection of PROT-deficient colon carcinoma cells recruited E-PROT and PROT to cell-cell contacts and functional PROT-mediated cell-cell adhesion was restored in this way.
No	Transfection of plasmids encoding the BRSV minigenome, PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT) and PROT protein, each under the control of T7 promoter, into cells infected with a vaccinia virus recombinant expressing the T7 PROTROT gave rise to PROT activity and progeny with the minigenome.
No	Treatment of cells with gamma linolenic acid (GLA) increased PROT expression in most cell lines, while PROT levels were reduced, and PROT expression was unchanged.
Yes	Treatment with HNE resulted in activation of PROT PROT and PROT, induction of PROT and PROT protein expression, and an increase in transcription factor PROT DNA binding activity.
Yes	Two PROT, PROT and PROT, are associated with Hirano bodies.
Yes	Two cDNAs, isolated from a Xenopus laevis embryonic library, encode proteins of 168 amino acids, both of which are 77% identical to chick PROT and 66% identical to chick PROT (PROT), two structurally and functionally related proteins.
Yes	Two isoforms of PROT (PROT) are generated by alternative splicing; PROT differs from PROT(DeltaB2) by the insertion of B2 exon cassette near the PROT binding region.
No	Under all conditions, platelets retained 40-50% of their total PROT and greater than 70% of their PROT (PROT) but lost greater than 80% of PROT and PROT to the supernatant.
Yes	Unexpectedly, treatment with the PROT-depolymerizing drug latrunculin-A disrupted the medial region targeting pattern, and cells deficient in the PROT-binding proteins PROT and PROT also did not exhibit medial PROT-PROT staining.
Yes	Unlike PROT, PROT's PROT-bundling action was strictly calcium-dependent: the bundles were formed at pCa 7, but not at pCa 6.
Yes	Unmasking of this site serves as a molecular switch that initiates assembly of an PROT-based motility complex containing PROT and PROT.
Yes	Up to now three allergens have been identified as responsible for cross-reactivity in these associations: PROT, a 14 kd protein that regulates PROT; PROT, the 18 kd birch pollen allergen; and a 60-69 kd allergen.
Yes	Using a complementary sequence or antipeptide to selectively neutralize the stretch of residues 633-642 of PROT, we recently demonstrated that this segment is an PROT binding site operating in the absence as in the presence of nucleotide and that this stretch 633-642 is not part of the nucleotide binding site [Chaussepied & Morales (1988) Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 85, 7471-7475].
Yes	Using ITP (a substrate for PROT PROT) and/or ATP gamma S (a substrate for PROT heavy-chain kinase [PROT]), we demonstrated that phosphorylation of PROT occurred at the foci within the PROT network, a result that suggests that PROT was localized at the foci.
Yes	Using the known three-dimensional structure of the homologous PROT-binding domain of PROT, these results have enabled us to determine the likely orientation of the PROT PROT-binding domain with respect to the PROT filament.
Yes	Using the 'nuclear displacement assay' as a measure of the integrity of the PROT cytoskeleton in living stamen hair cells, we demonstrated that PROT protects PROT filaments in these cells from Z. mays PROT (PROT)-induced depolymerization, in a dose-dependent manner.
Yes	Using these methods, we confirm previous reports that intact PROT induces cross-linking as well as filament shortening on PROT networks.
Yes	PROT (PROT) clusters were co-localized with PROT, an important signal transduction ligand, and with PROT, which is thought to link the complex to the peri-junctional PROT.
Yes	PROT, in turn, provides the ABM-2 sequences [XPPPPP, X = G, P, L, S, A] for binding PROT, an PROT-regulatory protein that stimulates PROT filament assembly.
Yes	PROT and PROT are two PROT-binding proteins that bundle PROT filaments in the intestine and kidney brush border epithelium.
No	PROT and PROT were also up-regulated, whereas an isoform of PROT was down-regulated.
Yes	PROT contains a binding motif for the PROT PROT as well as PROT/PROT-like PROT-regulatory domains, but no specific PROT structure regulated by PROT-PROT has been identified.
Yes	We also analysed NHEJ in other DNA damage response mutants and showed that the checkpoint mutant PROT-d and two recombination mutants defective in PROT and PROT (homologues of S.cerevisiae PROT and PROT, respectively) are not affected.
Yes	We believe that this complex may mediate the cortical functions of PROT at PROT patches in S. pombe.
No	We conclude that germ-line involvement of PROT and PROT is rare and that other genes are likely to account for a majority of PROT-, PROT-mutation negative families with nonpolypotic colon cancer.
No	We constructed recombinant viruses based on the herpes simplex virus type 1 mutant tsK which individually were able to express the products of four viral DNA replication genes (PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT2) in the absence of any of the other proteins required for viral DNA synthesis.
Yes	We describe the localization of PROT and PROT along the cell margins of mouse osteoblast-like cells, the colocalization of "PROT" with PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, and the association of these complexes with the PROT microfilaments.
No	We determined whether short-term weight-lifting exercise increases the synthesis rate of the major contractile proteins, PROT (PROT), PROT, and mixed muscle proteins in nonfrail elders and younger women and men.
Yes	We examined whether levels of PROT or PROT correlated with PROT levels in the glomeruli of rats with puromycin aminonucleoside nephrosis.
Yes	We find that PROT and PROT regulate PROT-filament formation throughout the cell cortex.
Yes	We find that PROT contributes in several ways to PROT-induced nucleation of PROT filaments in high speed supernatant of lysed neutrophils.
No	We found normal levels of PROT and PROT in BT549 and HS578t cells; however, low levels of PROT were expressed in these cells compared to those found in weakly invasive MCF-7 cells.
Yes	We found that the expression of all these genes, including PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT), PROT (PROT), PROT PROT, PROT PROT + 2B, PROT PROT, and PROT PROT, was induced to high levels in young IMR-90 cells but not in old IMR-90 cells.
No	We have analyzed the expression levels of the genes encoding PROT, PROT and PROT in correlation to the PROT expression levels in cell lines derived from human cervical carcinomas.
Yes	We have characterized the interaction and nuclear localization of the nucleocapsid (PROTROT) protein and PROTROT (PROT) of sonchus yellow net nucleorhabdovirus.
Yes	We have characterized this PROT with respect to its ability to interact with yeast PROT and PROT, the only yeast PROT-binding proteins so far purified and characterized.
Yes	Yeast PROT can sequester yeast PROT monomers and thereby reduce the ability of yeast PROT to polymerize, whereas it has little effect on the degree of polymerization of rabbit skeletal muscle PROT.
Yes	We have cloned a Saccharomyces cerevisiae gene (PROT) encoding a low-M(r) PROT of 143 amino acid (aa) residues (yeast PROT; PROT); its aa sequence is 35% identical to porcine PROT.
No	We have established an PROT-deficient HHUA/chr.2 cell line by introducing human chromosome 2, which carries wild-type PROT and PROT genes, to HHUA cells.
Yes	We have examined the level of PROT, a PROT, and PROT, a PROT, in BALB/c 3T3 cells.
Yes	We have found that PROT, a 21-kDa PROT, is a component of these rods.
Yes	We have shown that the PROT PROT and PROT are potential targets of the PROT family PROT and bind to an PROT-binding protein, PROT, at their proline-rich FH1 domains to regulate reorganization of the PROT cytoskeleton in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae.
Yes	We have shown that these proteins are indeed PROT: the 14 kd is the PROT PROT, the 19 kd is the PROT PROT, and the 25 kd is the sperm-specific protein PROT.
Yes	We investigated PROT filament turnover rates, length, number, barbed end exposure, and binding of PROT in bovine arterial endothelial cells moving at different speeds depending on their position in a confluent monolayer.
Yes	We previously showed that PROT is transported in an unassembled form with its associated proteins PROT depolymerizing factor, PROT, and PROT.
Yes	We propose that PROT may act by forming, during the critical period of cerebellar development, a reserve pool of monomeric PROT that can easily be mobilized in cell regions such as growth cones or synaptic junctions where filamentous PROT is highly concentrated.
Yes	We report here that PROT, which is found in the rootlet but not in the microvillus core, can bind to and saturate the PROT of isolated cores, and can cause the dissociation of up to 30% of the PROT and PROT from the cores but does not affect PROT binding by 110-kD PROT.
Yes	We show here that the phenotype of ts PROT is highly similar to that of PROT and that the functions of the gene products of PROT+ and PROT are closely interrelated.
No	We show that the HSV-1 PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT2 gene products along with the AAV PROT protein are sufficient to initiate replication on duplex DNA containing the AAV origins of replication, resulting in products several hundred nucleotides in length.
Yes	We speculate that PROT may help maintain the parallel growth of PROT filaments within the stereocilia.
Yes	Western analysis of gel-purified PROT-PROT and PROT-PROT-PROT complexes demonstrated the predominant presence of acetylated PROT PROT relative to acetylated PROT PROT.
Yes	We studied the roles of PROT, an PROT-binding phosphoprotein, in superoxide production of neutrophil-like HL-60 cells triggered by opsonized zymosan (OZ).
Yes	We suggest that the PROT in the nodes functions, via a cross-linking activity, in the convergence of PROT filaments at the membrane during development of the ribs.
No	We tested for the presence of PROT, PROT, PROT, smooth muscle myosin (heavy chain) and cytoskeletal proteins PROT and PROT.
No	We then compared colorectal cancers with 'mild' RER (n = 15), and those with 'severe' RER without (n = 11) or with (n = 22) detectable mutations in PROT or PROT to assess the involvement of mononucleotide repeats contained in the coding regions of PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT.
No	We used yeast as a model to test this hypothesis and found that chromosome deletion of any known nuclear mitotic mismatch repair genes, including PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, and PROT, did not rescue PROTdelta O6 MeG DNA repair PROT-deficient cells from killing by MNNG.
No	When a lyophilized Mf and AO mixture was incubated at 40 degrees C and 65% relative humidity, the conjugation of AO was confirmed at PROT, PROT, and PROT.
No	When the PROT monomer pool in untransfected myoblasts is increased 70% by treatment with latrunculin A, synthesis of PROT and PROT are down-regulated compared with PROT and 19 other proteins selected at random.
Yes	While levels of most of these proteins decrease, accumulation of PROT and the PROT PROT PROT/PROT is observed.
Yes	While poly(ADP-ribose) effectively competed with DNA for binding of PROT PROT, it equally competed with DNA for binding of PROT PROT and only inefficiently competed with DNA for binding of PROT PROT.
Yes	Within 1 hour of raising the concentration of calcium ions, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT, PROT and PROT appeared to accumulate at cell-cell borders, whereas the focal contact proteins, PROT and PROT, did not.
No	Within the sieve-tube exudate, PROT was present in 15-fold molar excess to PROT.
No	YACs containing PROT gene DNA or 1.5 rDNA tandem repeat units were transformed into hosts bearing lesions at the PROT, PROT, PROT, or PROT loci.
